review	label
I purchased this unit due to frequent blackouts in my area and 2 power supplies going bad.  It will run my cable modem, router, PC, and LCD monitor for 5 minutes.  This is more than enough time to save work and shut down.   Equally important, I know that my electronics are receiving clean power.	1
I ordered 3 APC Back-UPS ES 500s on the recommendation of an employee of mine who used to work at APC. I've had them for about a month now without any problems. They've functioned properly through a few unexpected power interruptions. I'll gladly order more if the need arises.	1
Wish the unit had a separate online/offline light.  When power to the unit is missing, the single red light turns off only when the warning sounds.  The warning sound is like a lot of sounds you hear in the house so it isn't always easy to tell what is happening	1
Cheaper than thick CD cases and less prone to breakage, these "slim" cases by Memorex protect your CDs. Most buyers will get them  for use in CD or DVD burning, and these are an affordable choice from a quality company for that purpose.	1
Hi	1
This product was perfect. it's a sturdy case that holds my large collection of cd's and dvd's.	1
Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.	1
I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather. I would buy Kingston again	1
I had no problems with this card and the delivery was prompt...	1
After going through the reviews, I bought this CF card for my Canon Digital Rebel. So far it has worked fine, though I don't pretend to be an expert digital photographer. When the card is empty, it shows 127 shots available. It seems to read reasonably fast, though it takes a bit longer than I was used to with my point-and-shoot Olympus and its SmartMedia card.	1
I am very happy with this product. It folds super slim, so traveling with it is a breeze! Pretty good sound - not Bose quality, but for the price, very respectable! I've had it almost a year, and it has been along on many weekend get-aways, and works great. I use it alot, so it was a good purchase for me	1
I bought this reader because I wanted to avoid having my camera and all its cable attached to my pc to download the pictures; and with this reader I could leave my camera (and its cables) in its case and just download the picture with the memory card, I recomend this product....	1
It's a simple device, so there's not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the device remain lit as long as the device is plugged into your PC and the PC is powered (they glow a bright blue).	1
I was thinking about buying a 1G card, but after reading one of the reviews,I bought two 512 card,just in case that something	1
I have always been very pleased with the SanDisk products. I would highly recommend them	1
These earphones are great quality. The sound is good and they fit comfortably in the ear once you get used to them. Two minuses make them only 4 out of 5 stars: first, the customer support is weak. There is supposed to be a website for the product for customer support and replacement parts, but Altec Lansing his it linked to a seemingly unrelated product; second, the volume control is a little heavy unless you have somewhere to clip it to (this might be a problem for runners)	1
This CF card is so fast that I can run my shutter on my camera non stop until the card is full at a frame rate of 3.5 fps. No lag or slow down. That is amazing. It makes my camera perform better. (Canon Rebel XT	1
fast and reliable..well worth the mone	1
Perhaps the ultimate addition to a good camera. I used my camera with a SanDisk Pro Duo (the blue one...) and while most times it was fine, when I needed to take pictures in quick succession - it let me down. The Ultra II is noticably faster. You will not regret buying this	1
The Sandisk 512 MB Secure Digitial Ultra II (SDSDH-512-901) sent to me was not the item I ordered.  I returned the item, unopened	1
definitely recommend this memory card, download time is great . .	1
I am happy to have several Sandisk products, and all of them are excellent.	1
The SanDisk SDSDH-1024-901 is absoultely worth the extra money if you love to take many pictures without worrying about how many pictures are left for you to take. It is great to use with mini-videos if your camera has this feature	1
The cheapest option I found at the time but an excelent pen drive. Small and with a good style	1
It works great!  I really like it.  There is one small problem though.  The lid is REALLY hard to take off!  I've had it now for about a month and have gotten lots of use out of it and it has loosened up a little, but not much.  There has got to be a way to make a lid that stays on, but isn't quite so hard to remove when a person wants to use it.  I appreciate being provided with a forum to voice my opinion	1
Works well with or without software installed.  Good for home use and school or traveling.	1
This technically works well.  I am finding learning to use it difficult.  I really wish I had spent a little more and gotten a bigger one!!!!!  It is a lot smaller than I thought it would be and would be alot easier if it was bigger	1
I was considering purchasing a tablet and Wacom was consistantly recommended.  I was originally hesitant to buy the graphire line because I didnt think it would be very good for drawing compared to the top line (the intuos line).  I was pleasantly surprised to be proven wrong.  Installing a driver was a piece of cake and I began drawing away in minutes.  It is very responsive and works with all my drawing programs (paintshop pro, painter, photoshop).  The mouse is pretty useless however, and I would have preferred if they had included some extra pen tips instead (they seem to wear out, though I do press pretty hard).  Other than that, its an amazing product	1
Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.	1
Great batteries for cameras. They charge quickly, and it's handy to keep the extra 2 spare in the charger and with me all the time "just in case"	1
I bought the NuLOOQ product a few weeks ago with little expectation and actually with some doubts it'd do anything for me, as I'm a keyboard junkie.  The product description was a bit confusing as it seems like ti does a lot.  But what a surprise.   Just adjusting the brush size using the ipod like scroll disc on the device is worth the price.  The pop-up menu thing is cool.  I don't use it as much for putting tools, but putting my files and folders into that menu keeps things in one place.   I guess the product also lets you pan and zoom around, but I don't seem to use that as much.  I still like using my mouse to pan and zoom around.	1
I've had this product for well over a year now and was using it with my XP machine and am now using it with my Apple Mac Mini. Works great with both Windows and Mac OS X, with no hassles. The removable stand is a nice touch, as you can pack the reader into a laptop bag or lay it horizontally if you prefer. Highly recommended	1
I have burnt a few discs and so far no coasters, They are burning at 8X in my NEC 2500A burner. That is pretty considering that it is advertised at 4X. Hopefully the burn quality also will be good and will last for a few years	1
shipping was outrageous, thought it qualified for free shipping since it is the size of a F'n postage stamp, but i ended up paying 1 cent less for postage than I did for the item, could have bought it at walmart for less this way. Buyer beware, I got took	1
This is the second G15 keyboard I've purchased, not because the first one broke, because it's such a great keyboard. Now I keep one at home, and take one with me when I go LANning.  The only issue with the keyboard is the LCD is pretty useless is fast paced FPS games, otherwise it's good for keeping the clock up so one doesn't lose track of the time	1
I'm very happy with the set.  Although not listed in the specs, it must have a QAM tuner, because I am able to watch unscrambled digital broadcasts through my cable service even though all I have is basic cable.  I was thrilled when I made this discovery.  Watching football games in HD, without paying for digital cable, almost made me weep with happiness.	1
My new TV finally arrived and I am very pleased with it.  I picked this one based primarily on all of the reviews I could find online, the vast majority of which were very positive (cNet has lots of reviews as well).  Also, I have two friends who are cable guys and they see all kinds of TVs, all day every day, and both of them bought this exact set for themselves.	1
So, I was a little weary to buy an iTrip after hearing some mixed reviews. It seemed that a perosn either had horrible luck with theirs... or the iTrip worked perfectly. Knowing my luck, it wouldn't work for me at all. I recieved my iTrip and my luck started right away. I tossed the iTrip onto my iPod and..................... nothing. A bad omen? Well, after I exchanged my iTrip for a new one I tried it out on a short drive. I live in East Lansing, MI... and we have a very crowded FM dial. I couldn't find a completely blank station as recommended... but it didn't matter. My iTrip delivered decent sound through the station. As others have mentioned, charging your iPod while you use your FM transmitter will really help. It's not a night-and-day difference, but it's a noticeable improvement. Sure, I got some static and the occasional interference from a strong signal, but you know what? Through a good 40 minutes of driving, the majority of the time I had satisfactory sound. This was also on the weaker-signaled LX mode, not DX. Supposedly DX provides a better, stronger signal.	1
I have used the 9510i for about 2 years and have found it to be flawless in performance. The Disaster Recovery software provided with this drive is it's biggest star. You can format your hard drive, put in the restore disk that you create for your system, and in about 15 minutes your system is put back to EXACTLY the way it was when you created the disk. Or you can simply replace selected files if you want. It does not miss a single thing. Fanstastic. The software is extremely user friendly and guides you through the process easier than an "ABC" book. I would highly recommend this drive for performance and ease of use	1
Nice sound, I will admitt for the price, I get big sound, with quality.  Only thing is a humming, hissing sound when machine is idle. Ohtherwise, worth it.	1
I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you "must" plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m not gonna fry something but it seems to work fine just plugged into a powered USB port. I have a VERY high end system though with wattage to sprare, but no more PCI slots, Damn 7900 512 gtx graphics cards, why do 2 of em have to take up so much room. Oh well, trade offs are a bi---, but a reality and 7 extra USB slots are awfully nice	1
It's a simple device, so there's not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the device remain lit as long as the device is plugged into your PC and the PC is powered (they glow a bright blue).	1
I bought this TV for college, and it fits perfectly in my dorm. The picture quality is pretty decent, though compared to traditional TV, it is not as sharp.	1
We used this charger with a DC inverter on a 6000 mile road trip to charge batteries for a Sony DSC-H5 camera and the batteries were almost unbelievable with lasting power between charges. The 2700mAh battery is great	1
The intuos3 6x11 tablet is nice because its like having a giant mouse pad. The mouse itself has five buttons that can be programed to do different tasks, opening programs is one of them. It also has a scroll wheel. On the pad there are more buttons that can open programs among other things. Also there are touch sensitive strips on the tablet that can be used for scrolling. I use the pen inside of art progams and it is a real joy to work with. The pressure sensitivity is is a very nice feature alowing you to go from a thin line to a thick line and vice versa. Its main high point for me is the ability it gives to draw curved lines and detailed lines. It fits nicely in hand and has comfortable rubber grip. Also you can flip the pen over and use that side as an eraser. The only complaint I have is that on the pen there are two buttons and one of them (the lower one) is placed in a spot where when I'm drawing my finger frequently hits it, because of this I simply had to make the button inactive. Over all I feel that Wacom has done a very good job of developing this product. I feel that it is of high quality and well worth the price. I would definetly save up the extra few dollars to get this larger tablet, it is nice to have if you have the desk space. I've heard Wacom is the best in the pen tablet industry and now that I own one I believe it	1
Fabulous product --- now I can store over 700 photos in the 8 mega pixel range.    Happy I purchased this one -- very trouble free	1
I wouldn't be without this. When I first bought the 20d it was my first digital SLR and I spent a few weeks adding and removing the battery grip and this strap. In the end I settled for using both and wouldn't have it any other way. With the battery grip and hand strap in place I find the camera much more secure and comfortable to hold. That's all there is to it, that's what it does and it does it well.	1
I have bought 50 and 100 pack spindles of Memorex and so far I have not had any problems. They work just fine on my Sony dvd burner	1
Memorex DVD+R's are the best. Price keeps dropping and never have a problem	1
I have burned over 100 of these in the past 6 months, I have only had 1 burn badly.  Haven't found a dvd player yet that they won't play in	1
This is an excellent machine.  I bought two of them.  There are a few things you need to do.  I have had 100% satisfaction using FujiFilm DVD-R up to 8x.  I have had success with FujiFilm DVD+R up to 8x.  I`ve also had tremendous success with TDK DVD+R up to 4x and 8x.  Some other brands may not work.  One thing I`ve learned about this machine is that you have to baby it a little.  Don`t go recording 3 or 4 -R or +R DVDs every day.  Give it a rest between recordings.  One or two per day is okay.  Definitely give it room to breathe.  If you stack your machines on top of each other, put something in between so they can breathe.  Be sure not to block the ventilation holes on the sides.  You definitely need to buy a Panasonic DVD player to play back your DVDs - other brand DVD players may not play your recordings properly.	1
I bought this for my folks for Christmas.  It took no time at all to hook up, and making DVDs was simple.  Everything from recording off the TV, to recording movies and shows stored on the DVR, to transferring home movies from the original VHS tapes.  I'm sure for about $300 more you could purchase some higher end recorders, but for under $200, you really can't go wrong.  The only flaw I could find is that the initial hookup (according to the book) didn't seem quite right.  After taking a whole 2 minutes to look up the easy to read instructions online, everything went smoothly.  Because of that, I'm still going to give it a full 5 stars..it's not as if those 2 whole minutes ruined our life.  Really, if you're new to this technology, you're not going to have any problems..believe me..A++	1
The other effusive reviews are spot-on...  the picture is fabulous on new DVDs (Lord of the Rings, Nemo, Harry Potter).  A $20 Cables to Go HDMI cable does a great job.  We have the  Sony KDF-42E2000 42" 3LCD Rear Projection HDTV and are thrilled with the combination.  A few annoyances:  The machine responds and loads slowly, but that's not too bad; a minor sacrifice for the incredibly low price.  And, certain DVDs of old movies (Some Like it Hot, The King and I) stretch the picture horizontally, making things look squat.  I'm sure there's a solution, but just can't figure it out.  Any tips	1
VHS to DVD disc is just one easy setup. I set mine to record and recode just before I go to sleep. When I wake up a finished disc awaits. With the software tools that are provided you can sharpen and correct VHS that has degraded and bring back life as when it was first transfered to tape. I have taken many VHS tapes that were never released as DVD and now have the start of a great library. Editing is a little tricky until you get the hang of it. The product works well. IPOD old music videos and movies for a real treat. Sound is perfect	1
I've had this photo printer a few weeks now.  I don't consider myself technically proficient.  I totally scored despite gross ignorance with this machine.  You cannot go wrong.  The photo quality is astonishing.  I've printed professional quality photos and framed them.  The results are fantastic.  For someone who is techno-challenged, I had this up and running very quickly	1
two of these jewel cases equal the size of a regular cd case. buy them and conserve space. there great	1
Got my order quickly and found out that these cases are much BETTER than the ones sold here locally, and they were CHEAPER !!	1
I like keeping all my stuff in one place, but don't like CD folders, so these slim cases are great.  I accidentaly sat on one of them and although it did crack, the case didn't break, and the cd was fine.  All in all, a great product	1
I've used these (and similar) cases for years.  No problems, even with the cats occasionally knocking them around and walking on them.	1
They are okay for eight or so dollars, but they don't last very long.  Then again, I used these for a digital camera so maybe that's why they get drained so quickly.  However, for the price I still would buy them again	1
My daughter uses a Cochlear Implant that has the option of being powered by 3 AA batteries. We have tried several brands trying to find the ones that last the longest. We have tried Energizer, Duracell, etc. She needs to replace them every day and a half. Since the Implant is a high power draining device, every extra hour counts. These batteries are one of the best values out there.	1
I have not had N.E.W. coverage for this Apple product however I had a washing machine covered by them.  The washer turned out to be one of those machines that had one problem after another sometimes the same.  N.E.W. used a couple of different service companies to repair it and finally wrote it off.  Throughout, N.E.W. was great and made every effort to fix the machine.  When the finally wrote it off they sent me a check for the amount that I paid for it.  They did not try to discount the settlement price for the time that I actually had the machine	1
Esaki si ta campion, un tremendo idea di e sistema pa por load up un potret digital ariba bo PC. hopi bon y facil. Esaki ta pone cu bo por saca bo potret digital y pone ariba bo PC via e systema aki di chip.(Tremendo	1
Initial setup could be complex for some, but considering all  it is capable of i'd say it's worth the time investment.	1
I've had it for over a month now and it works as well as I expected it to work. I was expecting random quirks here and there as I continued using it, but none whatsoever	1
These are great earbuds. I have alswys used Sony DJ headphones in the past, and these are the first pair of buds I have purchased - I am impressed.	1
I bought this for my kids to use with Nascar Racing.  Controls are easily reprogramable.  Nice product for the money	1
Great product for getting all those old home videos on DV	1
This little unit is easy to use and ready to go!!!! Not one problem with it so far, I've been using it for over two months now	1
I use these batteries when I need power immediately and I don't have a set of rechargeables ready to go. I also use them as backups - so I don't get caught without power and have to pay $1 a battery at supermarkets and convenience stores.	1
Excellent sound system, reminds you of being in a movie theatre.  Great, Great system	1
I've owned many Sony electronics in the past and have always liked their styling and functionality -- lots of hardy Walkmen, useful shortwave and portable radios, stylish TVs and high quality cassette recorders.  I still have a Sony mini component stereo model FH-E656 (made in Japan) which I bought in 1992 for US$400+; but rather than pay to fix its worn-out CD player, I decided to purchase this new Sony MHCEC70 component stereo (made in China).	1
A memory Stick is a s memory stick but when you put it in a Sony Camera - Fantastic	1
This portable cd holder is perfect for me.  I work out regularly and it has been perfect for the gym.  My cd player fit fine and there are 3 slots for extra cd's.  I like the feature of the headphones attaching to the outside of the pouch.  I would recommend it to anyone	1
(Note to Brian: The WAP54G *can* be configured as a bridge. I have two of them in just such a configuration. Took me about 10 minutes to set them up.)	1
i love the mobilemate sd.  I haven't had any problems yet.  It's small compact and gets the job done	1
I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the camera in all kinds of weather. I would buy Kingston again	1
The first peron to review this incorrectly stated that it doesn't come with software for handhleds. That person chose to buy it without and save some $$ and then complained about having to pay extra for it because he/she bought the wrong software package.  Delorme did the right thing and offered us options.  I just ordered mine and I have no plans on using with a HH so I'm very happy that I didn't have to buy the HH software.  Just don't be dumb and read what you are buying before you buy it.  Nemerous people have highly recommended this to me, although I have heard that MS Mappoint has better maps and should be used instead when you have it as an option.  Storing 50,000 data points without a connection to a computer is awesome.  I will be able to take the unit with me on a bike ride and analize the workout later hopefully looking at the route, elevation, etc.  Too bad it is only in Yellow..	1
I got this jacket a month into having my ipod.  I had to buy it because I had been using the one that comes with the ipod and when I pulled the iPod out of that case it was easy to drop.  One time I did drop it and within a month of owning the iPod I had it in fro repairs.	1
The product works perfectly.  The only problem is, the manual only includes directions for the most common setups.  To use one port as an "uplink" to a router, for example, you need to plug the uplink into the ethernet port labeled "1" and then leave port "2" open.  The directions do not state this, and I had to call Linksys to get it to work.	1
My setup:	1
This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.	1
I had read the reviews of this mouse prior to buying it. It had gotten very good reviews. Ive ben playing with it for about a month now and i find it meets all my needs and then some. Highly recommend it	1
I've been a gamer for almost 20 years.  This is the best mouse I've ever owned.  It is fast, accurate, well formed and constructed.  I would definitely recommend it.	1
For those of you who bought MiniDisc recorders to move away from analog tape recording, this product is wonderful.  Especially good for recording lectures, voice lessons, etc.  It works quite well with the built-in mono mike, or you could use an external one.	1
I got this for hubby and me over the summer.   We used it for our trip to Rehoboth beach and we loved every minute of it.   WE have a tape deck in the car and used it w/ a cassette adaptor.  We had not problems whatsoever, in fact it sounds much better thru the cassette adaptor than over the fm transmitter.	1
Works good, small, and comes with handy little stickers to put on so you can write contact info in case you lose it, though slightly costl	1
I purchased this hub back in September. I plugged it in and I'm running two printers and my mouse off of it at the moment, I've had no problems. It doesn't take up too much room even with 7 ports.	1
Fantastic, take all the videos and pictures you want with the best quality	1
The product is a good value.   It performed well and was fairly easy to use. I only wish it would allow importing play lists from iTunes, all text had to be manually input.  Overall, I'm very satisfied with the product	1
I previously owned the 1GB Lexar 40X CF card and thought that was the fastest a CF could get. I was completely wrong. This card is one fast sucker, and it can hold an enormous amount of images. In JPEG mode I am able to store over 1000 images. In RAW mode, which I'm converting to thanks to this large capacity card, I am able to hold 444 images all on my 20D!!! If your thinking of buying this card, don't hesitate. It is one awsome piece of equipment, and one heck of an investment!!	1
This is an excellent buy and is a quality item.  The service was fast and the card works as expected	1
A lot of space -- My computer is over 5yrs old so I use these CD's as a  great back up for storing all my old documents, my ebooks, and my pics.	1
These earphones are the best I ever had. I never had to try other pairs of earphone because I absolutely loved these that I keep buying it! After 6 years I buy the same one everytime. Of course I never use the winding case and it just sits there but heck it usually stores my other earphones that I brought but can't seem to throw them out because it costed money. It seems that many people are complaining about the electrical shocks from the earphones and I can answer why thats happening. It's actually static electricity. I experienced it myself a couple of times because I was wearing a wool sweater and the wool peacoat jacket that caused static electricity to form. It's actually not the earphones fault but when your wearing lots of clothes or a scarf with the earphones I suggest you switch to headphones to prevent being shocked. The bass is pretty decent when comparied to panasonic or jvc earphones. Hey for 10 bucks or less you can't except Sony to go all out and improve their cheapest model. I abuse my earphones so for 10 bucks a year I think these are the best rather than buying something thats $100 dollars or over and later regret it because it got either lost, broken or stolen.	1
After having two SanDisk card readers, and one LaCie card reader die on me, I invested in this Lexar card reader. For the money, it has worked flawlessy with Pro compact flash cards up to 4GB in size. I am very impressed with the transfer speeds, and the unit is not too big for traveling. The door that covers the slot, however, is very flimsy and easily deattaches (but fortunately easily reattaches too?) I use Mac OS X 10.4.8 and it works just fine. I also used it with Windows XP without any installation or transfer issues	1
A simple, cheap investment.  This CF reader actually does what it should, i.e. transfer info from compact flash to the computer.  Previous Kodak 1.0 multi-card reader had issues after a few weeks, and stopped working after 2 months.  This one is much faster and is still working.  Ahhhhh	1
Just some specs missing from amazon's description:	1
I purchased the Adorama Slinger Bag after first purchasing the Tamrac Velocity 5.  The Tamrac bag is a nice bag and can be worn as either a shoulder bag or a waist bag. Unfotunately, it lacked sufficient support when worn as waist bag and did not have an attached pouch to carry a water bottle.  The Slinger Bag addressed both of these deficiencies.  When worn as a waist bag, it also uses the shoulder strap to keep the bag firmly in place which also helps to balance the weight of the bag.  There are two water pouches on the Slinger Bag (which is a real requirement as I live in Arizona).	1
This was the least expensive 1 GB memory card I have ever seen and it works as well as it should	1
I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, duffel bags, but none of them really worked all that well. Then I saw the Lowepro Street and Field system with completely customizable pouches, vests, belts, and accessories. It works great, you only get the pouches you need so there is no waisted space and you can organize them however you want according to how often they are used (put frequently used items in easier to access places.)	1
Great for if you are not near a computer and need to charge your Ipo	1
The Memorex DVD+R 16x discs are great.  I have a LaCie external 16x burner that I use with my mac and I have not yet burned a bad disc.  I would reccommend this product to anyone looking for lots of media for a good price	1
Manufactured of a soft gray felt like material, a tough leather bottom, and draw string closure at the top, this lens pouch helps protect your lens from dust and the elements.  I store my lenses in a camera bag, and these cases fit nicely around the lens taking up little precious space.	1
This CF card is perfect for anybody who needs a high capacity (e.g. for hi-res pics) but doesn't care about the transfer speed. It may be a bit annoying though - especially if you try to download all the 2GBs from the card to your hard drive because it takes some time. I do still consider it a real good purchase ;	1
This memory card handles the job really well.  Unless maybe you're a professional sports photographer, it's plenty fast enough.  No problems using it with my Canon Rebel XT.  It holds about 550 pictures (JPEGs) at the highest resolution (8.2 MP)	1
I have only had this monitor for a couple of day's	1
I had a little trouble getting my system to recognize it when first set up...but after a little tweaking, it works beautifully.  Previously owned regular CRT...what an improvement!  Superb clarity and brightness.  For the money you just can't go wrong with this one	1
I use the pink circles to buff the cd/dvd, and it leaves the circular marks all over the cd, as I thought it would. Well, I thought that those marks would disappear after I used the repair paste with the yellow circles, but they're still there. Is it supposed to be like this? The reason I bought the thing was to make the cds look like new, but now they just look even more scratched with the buffer marks all over.	1
With boys aged 2 & 3, and some poor disc storage procedures when I'm driving, it appeared I was in need of one of these units.  Generally my toddler boys are not permitted to handle discs, but it occassionally happens, and doesn't take long for scratches, damage and finger prints to hinder performance, and when changing children's cds in the car I don't always store the disc properly and that leads to damage also.  I read through a lot of reviews on this item and the skipdoctor products, and finally decided on this unit because it runs on a/c power, is fully contained and automatic, and was about $10 less expensive than the most equivalent skipdoctor unit.  Both items had mixed reviews - mostly positive, but I found that most people who tried to make the units work and put in some time and effort were satisfied with both products.  I'm very satisfied with my purchase it has repaired two discs that could not be played at all, and one that skipped.	1
So far I havent filled up my disc yet using it.  The	1
I've read other reviews for this product that have people complaining about losing their data when the batteries are changed. THIS IS NOT TRUE if you're carefull.  First of all, my ebookman came with a bright blue warning flier stating that your ebookman needs to be turned OFF when you change the batteries.  Pretty simple, huh?  Also, don't wait for your battery to completely die before you change it. The main menu screen has a battery meter in the bottom right hand corner, and I just switch out the batteries when the meter reaches 10%.  I primarily use my ebookman to read ebooks and I love it	1
I've been using these Memorex CD-Rs for years and have no problems with their reliability.  Have used them with multiple CD and DVD burners without compatibility issues. This was another re-order and I continue to be happy with this product	1
the product arrive to me in very good condition, will recommend this product to anyone who needs blank cd	1
For the most part I just want to keep it short.  I usually always by Energizer cause they're reasonably priced and seem to last much MUCH longer then most other battery products that I have used in the past	1
These batteries are great, and seem to fit my Rio 500 better than some discount batteries. Good price too	1
I have been using this D-Link hub for about six months.  The power light started flickering after about three months and now doesn't light at all.  The hub works great, but I wonder how long it will last	1
I use my USB hub every day and it works fine with every device I plug into it	1
I'm very happy with this product.  It's great value for the price.  The corded phone with answering machine means there's always a phone that's not dead and perfect for the home office area.  The cordless phone can be used to check the answering machine messages.  Lot's of features	1
The unit itself works great.  Much faster transfers than using the usb cable directly to my camera.  However, the software includes a "monitoring" feature, which checks every second or so, to see if you've plugged in a card.  I opened up Windows Task Manager to discover that, each time it checked, it was consuming 25% of system resources (on/off each second).  No wonder my computer has been slower lately, especially if I have my image editing software open (duh).	1
Great quality, excellent construction and strong RJ45 plugs.  I have worked with a decent share of Cat5 and I have never had to cut  and terminate a Belkin cable due to regular wear and tear	1
MY HUSBAND & I SEARCHED & SEARCHED FOR DVD'S THAT WERE COMPATABLE TO OUR DVD RECORDED.  NO ONE COULD HELP.  THEN I THOUGHT, "I'LL JUST CHECK ON AMAZON," AND SURE ENOUGH THERE THEY WERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!  WHAT A RELIEF!!!!!!!!!!  I WOULD HATE TO OWN A DVD RECORDER & NOT BE ABLE TO RECORD ANYTHING!!!!!	1
This unit is a good buy.  It is priced low, but functions like you paid a higher price.  The negatives are that it isn't compatible with Itunes, and the earphones are not very ergonomically designed.  Overall, it is a good product	1
I'll try to keep this short and sweet.  If you have been frustrated trying to get AM reception on the go, then you've found the right radio for you.  I can't tell you how many pieces of junk I've bought that barely pulled-in even relatively close AM stations unless I constantly twisted the radio to the perfect angle needed to get reception.   Luckily (?) those other radios also died pretty quickly. This Sangean product solves the AM reception problem and seems very durable. I also own their CCRadio and this pocket product lives up to its reputation.  I love the fact that it also gives you the option to broadcast through the built-in speaker, just like transistor radios of the 50's and 60's--a seemingly forgotten feature.  As for listening through the supplied earphones, forget it. Sangean should be ashamed to ship this product with the utter junk earphones that are supplied.  Never have I heard tinnier sound, even for AM listening.  Not not mention that the cord is annoyingly short.  I immediatey invested another $35 in decent pair of Koss earbuds and stored the supplied earphones in the neareast trash bin.  Now I happily and easily listen to AM and FM stations even over the roar of the lawnmower.   There might be alternatives for those of you who plan on listening to FM exclusivey, but if you spend even a little time on the AM dial, I really don't think you have a choice but to pick up this radio	1
Sound great. Nice bank for the buck.	1
This was my second DLO transpod. I had an older white one that I bought used. I figured I would "upgrade" to this one since my iPod and my car's interior are black. overall the thing performed similarly to my previous one, but with a few little changes.	1
You must have received CA-709 (without the cassette component) by mistake.  CA-706 is prepackaged with the cassette component	1
Worked perfectly.	1
I use this keyboard at work and as I am a medical transcriptionist, it is all I use all day l o n g . . .I really like it and I'm going to buy one for my home as well. It is very easy to type on and I like the wrist support	1
This receiver is a replacement for an older, more expensive, defective Sony that I had.  It was easy to install and performs comparably well with more expensive units.  I am satisfied with the product	1
The reviews sounded too good to be true.  The reviews are right on.  This system is perfect for home theater.  I have the latest Panasonic plasma.  This receiver is the perfect compliment.  Here is why...	1
This item does exactly what it's suppose to do. It also makes the signal stronger therefore you get better reception. Worth the money. Only drawback would be, there is a lot of cord hanging around	1
The Sony SS-MF650H are a low-cost solution to good directional sound for a very small room.	1
I listen to a wide range of music, from hard rock, techno/electronic, to classical, and I've found it difficult to locate reasonably priced speakers that can handle all of this -- at least until I ordered this set.  I was apprehensive about buying online (and also about the Sony brand for speakers), but I'm very happy with this purchase.  I've been very impressed with the sound both at the high and low ends - the highs are crisp and the bass is tight, not boomy.  The soundstage is expansive (of course, this depends a lot on your receiver as well) and imaging good.  I'd definitely recommend this speaker set	1
This first time I use the HD product in my home video system and have the expected results. After I installed it and it immediately scan all the signal channels in my local area and have good quality. So far I place the antenna in door just in the first floor. I don't have too many channels in my living area in OH	1
I bought my player Sep 2006 and the other region-free code did not work.  It is actually a DVD-224M (see manual) though it says DVD-224 on the player.  Here is how to do it:	1
worked very well as planed	1
I would have given it a five star but sense it's the only one I have ever used I had nothing to compare with. I have used it nine tines and it worked perfect every time. Sturdily made.	1
The idea is excellent, the execution is flawed.  What is not made clear at the time of purchase is that you will need a bridge or gaming adapter as well as a high speed internet connection at home.  The adapter should be built into the box.	1
One of the best gadget-products I've ever bought.  The installation and connection was completely flawless.  It worked the first time and has been working since (and I even used the Powerline ethernet adapter to connect back to my router).  I have my cable TV on one input and my security system on the secondary input.  Using my cellular Data connection on my laptop, I can watch tv or look at my security system from anywhere in the country	1
Box worked perfectly as expected. However, it would be nice to be able to upgrade firmware to the new HD like performance or via a trade-in program to allow old customers to upgrade to the new Sling boxes	1
This box is perfect to have all the basic ipod accesories at once. I have the 60 mb video ipod and all the accesories works perfect	1
(Despite some of the negative reviews of this item, it continues to perform well with my regular-sized iPod.  In fact, it has more volume, depth, and presence than three other portable speakers--each costing 50 to 75% more--to which I've compared it.  The only downside is that the item is no longer sold postage-free from Amazon, diminishing its "bargain" appeal somewhat.)	1
I liked these speakers they are small compact they work great with my Mp3 Player and you can't really beat the price.  My only complaint is that they don't come with an adapter but I just bought rechargeable batteries and the system work great I use them everyda	1
These headphones are lightweight, fairly comfortable, and sound head and shoulders better than any pair of $20 headphones I've ever heard.  Here are the aspects people always want to know about:	1
I was wondering if anyone knew if this hub would work for linking Xbox's together so you can have more than 4 people play at once. I know that I could link 2 with a crossover cable but I want to link 4 together so that I can have a gigantic 16 player Halo match (It's a very popular Xbox game for those who don't know	1
Nothing much to say about them.  They're high quality high speed rewritable discs that do what they are supposed to do.  I've been using these kind of rewritable discs for a while now and I haven't had any problems with them what so ever even when I burn at higher than 10x.  They come with cases too so you won't have to worry about scratching the CDs	1
I matched this model number up with the phone I have, and it is a perfect fit for the phone and for me.  I stay on the telephone for lengthy conference calls most of my workday, and the headset types that go in the ear ended up causing soreness.  This headset sits gently over my head with the earpiece lying on my ear.  I'm told I can be heard very clearly without echo or fadeout.  I would highly recommend this headset	1
I bought this because my windshield suction mount could not be trusted.  I've had it fall off more than once.  Then you drive around wondering if your $700 Nuvi is going to fall and break.  Not Fun!  The friction mount works for me. For everyday driving, even aggresive driving, it stays put.  Someone on this site left feedback about using it with their Nuvi 360 and I used their review to make the purchase.  I'm glad I did.	1
I think this is as good as the expensive over $60 HDMI cables.  I wouldn't spend money on the expensive ones.  First of all, I'm not a cable junkie nor an expert.  However, according to my research, there's no difference in performance b/w the expensive version nor the $12, $15, $20 version when it comes to HDMI since it's all digital.. hole buch of zeros and ones.  The durability of the cables... I don't know.  But unless you're someone who constantly plugs and unplugs the cables for some reason, it wouldn't matter.  Normally, you'd connect the cable and keep it that way for a long period of time, so the durability is not really relevant.  Bottomline: This is as good as the expensive ones.  I first tried out the expensive Monster brand which was $85.  Then I returned it after purchasing this, for the quality was the same.  Don't buy the expensive ones	1
This is wonderful for laptop users that travel or like to move your laptop around a lot.  If I leave my laptop somewhere I hate having to worry about tripping over wires and wires everywhere just look bad.  This is really small and compact! Perfect for traveling too.  I've used it for about 8 months now and it hasnt had one problem...it still recoils well	1
This product is a nice headset that did fit nicely on my ear (lucky fit I guess) and was easy to work with.  It is compact and feels quite natural for me.  Not to mention it is designed to work on either ear so in the middle of a conversation you can just change ears	1
I am pleased with this printer. Considering the price, it is a good value. The cartridges are kind of expensive, but I guess most cartridges are these days	1
PROS:	1
This is truly a no-brainer, excellent headphones at a great price, wonderful all around phones, would make a great gift also	1
I have been using these for a while now and they seem pretty good to me.  (disclaimer: I am not an audio professional, nor do I have any expensive headphones to compare with.)	1
Not an audiophile, but someone looking to spend a decent amount of money on a quality set of headphones. This product nails all the requirements - great sound, great comfort, well built. I'll be buying more of these guys for friends and family.	1
Don't let the reviews fool you. At this price, it's worth a little research. Apparently U3 is annoying a lot of people and the people at U3 have created an uninstall download for you to get. So Google it, download it, and buy the USB drive. The size of this USB drive and the fact that you'll never have to worry about losing the cap along with an excellent price make it worth buying. After you uninstall the U3 software, it works like any other drive. It works great, it just takes you ten minutes of a little extra work.	1
I bought these headphones a week ago and I am very pleased with them. At the electronic store, I listen to 3 pairs of Sennheiser (HD-433 ; HD-437 and HD-457). I hesitated between the 437 and the 457 but went for the 457 (10 more buck$). At the store the sound was OK as they were playing from the Sennheiser display rack. When I got home, I plugged these in my computer soundcard jack and the sound was a whole lot better. I am very impressed of the volume and sound quality I can get from them on my computer. My soundcard is an onboard Soundmax AC97 on an Asus K8V-X motherboard. I set the sound option in Windows XP on "headphones" and played "Metallica- Nothing else matters" with WinAmp. WOW !!! I was really impressed with the bass response and sound clarity in general. I only use half of the volume available in Windows XP and it`s more than enough for me.	1
This is one of the best wireless phones I've had -- good call quality, good speakerphone quality and good range	1
Panasonic makes good quality products and this is no exception.  Easy to use, very compact, no interference with cordless usage	1
I bought this phone to replace my older Panasonic because I needed a new answering machine.  I love that I can retrieve messages from the handset.  The handset is a bit smaller than earlier models, but just took some getting used to.  Would definitely recommend	1
I picked this up for 50 dollars to replace a 75-dollar Uniden that had a sticky "talk" button and muffled sound qaulity. The Panasonic blows the Uniden away. The sound is clear, crisp, and intimate, the ring selection is varied (I prefer the nonobtrusive default setting). The controls are easy to use. The quality and finish of the materials is high. I am now a loyal Panasonic phone buyer	1
It's hard to believe the quality of the sound from this very small device.  MP3's sound great as do the voice recordings.  With 1 gig of space you can record an entire day of seminar speakers and still have space left.  The built in STEREO OR MONO mics are great...PLUS, YOU CAN USE IT TO CARRY FILES TO AND FROM WORK.	1
I am a success coach and I record all my coaching calls as a standard practice. This recorder has performed fantastically in all situations. I get about 9 - 12 continuous hours of battery operation (depending on battery quality) and the unit captures voices flawlessly during my calls (I have an adapter for the phone). I have used this in a seminar setting and have had great results. I highly recommend using rechargeable batteries (always have one extra on hand) when you are going to use the unit for extended periods of time. Recharge before your event each day and you won't miss a thing. The unit only uses one battery and it's always a great idea to have a spare. The unit does not audibly warn when the battery is about to expire, so keeping a fresh charge should provide you with uninterrupted recordings. Each stop and restart begins a new file. For me that works great! If you are looking for one continuous file, do not shut it off. You can also buy software that will let you merge the files for your later use. You would be hard pressed to find a better product for the money	1
A good stuff at great price and as usual Amazon was fast to send the item	1
I decided to replace my iRiver 190T after a 3rd party cable adapter malfunctioned and fused the pin connection to the USB cable together.  I wanted USB 2.0 for the faster connection and a larger capacity, but still desired standard user replaceable batteries on a flash based player so I picked this up on sale.	1
when I bought my Intel iMac w/20" LCD suddenly everything else looked dull in comparison. This Apple 20" is very close in spec to my iMac 20" screen. Stores like Best Buy do not have good quality 20+" LCDs in yet. You want the 16x9 profile also, the regular square LCDs look dorky in comparison and typically have lower brightness and contrast ratios. The newer stuff is very bright and clear. It is obvious when you go to a store and look at the LCD screens. The cheap $200 LCDs just don't look good in comparison to the new stuff.	1
I've been slowly making my way to the Mac side after nearly 15 years of unadulterated Windows/DOS use.  The process has been slow mainly because of the price and availability of Apple products:  High and Scarce.	1
I was looking for a basic cordless phone with out an answering machine and this one is great. It has good reception and I like the size of it. This phone is just what I was looking for.	1
These are the best portable headphones in this price range.  Good bass and smooth, natural sound. In fact they would probably still be the best bang for the buck at three times the price.  If you can afford more, consider the Sennheiser PX100 for about 40-50 dollars. But if you're on a budget or don't want to worry about losing or breaking a more expensive pair of headphones, these are definitely the ones to get	1
Excellent mount for the 2 TV's I've purchased.  Was suprised to buy one about a month ago from amazon.com for 149.95 then was able to buy this one for 124.95.  Did I pay too much for the first mount?       Ollie...........	1
This was needed for my Panasonic DVD recorder.  Works well - hope it holds up as advertised.... Looks like high quality and works well. So far - everything is as expected - and THAT is good	1
It's not listed in the product description but the Pico works with the iPod Mini too.  Like the other reviewers, I found it easy to setup: tune the radio, turn on iPod, connect the Pico, tune the Pico, done).  In my car, the static interference was less noticeable when the unit was placed in close proximity to the radio.  I noticed this as well with my home stereo. Maybe the next generation Pico needs a larger antennae, or my iPod needed charging.  Regarding sound quality, my other car has a built-in iPod connector.  The Pico sound quality is comparable, somewhat muted, but enjoyable.  The Pico does offer the advantage of displaying the iPod menu to select tunes.  I've read mixed reviews on other FM transmitters, but I am pleased with the Pico	1
I ordered this device to sit on a player piano, which can play ipod encoded MP3 files, once they are transferred from the special CDs that are designed for the piano.  The remote is limited, as are all remotes for ipods, but for the special use I have, this is a great product.  It allows me to sit across the room and pause the piano or select the next piece of music	1
I was looking for an inexpensive, yet high quality, long lasting, and durable way to identify dozens upon dozens of electrical wires behind the instrument panel of my airplane. A fellow pilot made me aware of the family of small electronic labelers available in the marketplace. The Brother 1750 fits my needs perfectly. Offering two lines of crisp, highly readable print gives a professional appearance to all labeling needs. My experience is quite different than some reviewers who have complained about wasted tape. In fact, I found that little wasted tape is generated if you simply adjust the margins to a particular task and this option is clearly spelled out in the instruction booklet. Since I purchased the 1750, I have found many uses for it around the home office and I wonder how I got by without one in the past! My only complaint about the keyboard is that among the characters, it does not offer a dash or hyphen, so when one is  required, I find myself using a star instead. That is a minor complaint though.  The Brother 1750 gets considerable mileage on AA battery power alone, so I have not felt the need to purchase the adapter	1
We recently purchased 4 of these phones and all of them work fine. The CID works perfectly for both lines. The interface/menu takes a few minutes to learn and get used to but I wouldn't call it "non-intuitive".	1
At first, I was not sure about if this Windshield Mounting Bracket was going to stay in place while I drive trough the streets. However, I was very surprised when I found out that the Bracket stayed put all day going from one place to another, even under some vibration. The suction rubber system is quite strong. It has 2 angles for adjustment, and you can rotate the GPS clockwise/counterclockwise.	1
Very strong suction cup provides secure mounting. Quick and easy clip in and release for taking the GPS with you. Product would be better if the pivoting arms were longer and able to swivel sideways. Otherwise, this is a well-designed and quality product	1
The forums speak highly of these units-xr70, and I was going to get one because of the small form factor. Amazon's description for the height at 2.5" is incorrect, according to Panasonic's website. Should be listed as 3 9/32"H. Makes a difference if you're short on space	1
I was paranoid about having buyer's remorse from this unit. For such a cheap price I was sure I would end up regretting the purchase. What is the tradeoff? Shoot if know, but I haven't regretted buying it one bit. The receiver is perfect for home theater, particularly DD 5.1 shows. There is absolutely no discernable speaker hiss with digital content, which is important for TV watching that has a high range of both loud and silent moments.	1
I purchased this receiver from Fry's Electronics in San Diego, CA for $199.99. At first, I was a little hesitant about purchasing an all digital receiver. When I got it home, and connected it, I was amazed. This receiver will blow you away with the precision of it's home theater capabilities. I am using four Polk R30's as my fronts, and rear surround, and two Sony center channels for my front center, and rear center channels. I also have a KLH 10inch Tremor Series powered subwoofer. I estimate the entire system to cost about $650.00 total. I have colleague that has a Bose home theater system, and my little system blows his out of the water, and he paid much more for the Bose. If you want a great receiver a minimal price, this is the way to go. By the way, did I mention that it has four digital inputs, an optical output, and HDMI in and out connections. BUY IT!!!	1
The logitech stereo usb noice cancelling headset is awesome... I never recieved the one I ordered from ANT online, but the one I bought later at walmart owns me	1
I did a lot of research and finally ended up with this product.	1
I've had 2 other FM transmitters (A Belkin and a Griffin iTrip). Neither came close to the quality of this transmitter. Neither charged the iPod (The Belkin required batteries, which only lasted about 15 hours of use), while the iTrip worked OK at first, but then started getting static no matter what station I used. In fact, I had to have the iPod in hand for the static to go away (and then, it was still not clear). The sound isn't as loud as some (it takes over the volume control, so you cant use the volume on the iPod.) Still, it's not nearly as soft as some I've seen. I found most music came through at a good volume (I did adjust a few songs in iTunes to pump them up). This unit, although it seems cheap and flimsy at first, is able to get a consistant, strong signal, even on stations which usually come in clearly. It powers through them, and the result is a very clean sound. It is a little hard to read at the regular angle, but once you set the 3 presets, you don't need to see the screen. Just set your radio to the same 1-2-3 configuration. Also, turning it at a 90 degree angle lets you see the screen much clearer. In all, I couldn't be happier	1
at such low price, this player is really pretty good.	1
Quite acceptable.  In line with prior purchases at outlet where PIXMA was sol	1
I've had these headphones for just over two years, and I'm happy to see that they're one of the few pairs marketed as "surround sound" that have done quite well. The reason behind that is because they're truly excellent headphones. The range is spectacular and the inputs even more so. You're given the option of RCA and Toslink (optical), which is all you really need.	1
I just recently purchased the Quickcam STX for my sister who lives overseas in Greece. It's a great way for us to connect especially since we only see each other on an annual basis. Surprisingly, the video and audio is quite good. I do have a Mac and she doesn't have any issue calling me from her pc.  We use Aol instant messenger (Video and Audio) or Yahoo Messenger (Video) to connect.  I still prefer the iSight for Macs.  Unfortunately, you can't use an iSight on a pc. Wish Apple could make the iSight compatible with PC's. Anyhow the STX is a great cam for what it's worth.	1
This samll web cam is doing a great job connecting my families overseas. The flexible shoe is really handy and the image and voice quality is beyond my expectation	1
have had no problems with this item, and it's a good price for the powered kind of USB hubs, which I have found are pretty necessary for most USB items.	1
I found the sound fantastic. Just got these after usinf Shure E3s for about a year. I liked those but find these even better. When I first tried them I found the base so much stronger than the E3s as many have alluded to. Now I run my iPod at normal equalizer settings. I find the balance of the set dead on. The fit is great, of course your milage may vary. In fact they are so good at excluding air conduction that bone conduction becomes very noticable. This means when I walk with them I can hear my footsteps. This would be a real problem if I jogged (low impact workouts such as elipticals and bicycles are not affected)	1
This is my second FM transmitter and works much better than the Belkin that I ended up returning because it simply wasn't working.	1
I have had my Axim x51v for about three months.  I purchased it from Dell for $480 with aluminum hardcase, extra 1100mAh battery, and auto power cord.	1
This phone has noticably greater range and clarity than our other wireless phones. The message center works well, and the intercom feature is useful. The phone is a little small, and similar to cell phones rather than a house wireless phone.	1
This phone is small, great battery life, awesome range, and no interference.  The features are subtstanial and the quality is amazing.  From one that has always had Uniden Cordless phones this is a substantial upgrade.	1
i bought one version from best buy, then i bought another with different buttons, then i bought this platinum one because its so cool looking, just make sure you save the code	1
sent check for full price fairly promptly, but not including tax, which ads say they will d	1
Best earphones I ever had. Better then Sony MDR-EX51LP Fontopia Headphones. 2 years warranty	1
Earbud fit system is comfortable, seals out noise, for many ear canal sizes. Sound is great	1
I'm very pleased with this camera.  I updated it with the new drivers and software on the Creative site (from January 2006) immediately and I have not had any of the problems others mention.  The image quality is excellent with good lighting and the camera is fast since it is a true USB 2.0 camera. It will work with USB 1, but be sure you use USB 2.0 for better quality.	1
I wanted a combo and this seems to be the best one on the market now days.	1
Why settle for less, when you can get a brand new original Panasonic or Samsung 42 inch plasma TV for Free! I got mine from this web site:  awesomestufffree.com/plasma-t	1
Like most people here, I found the Bose Triport headphones to have excellent sound but the plastic on mine also broke in the recess next to the earcups.  What I found is that this is caused by the tension of the headband frame pushing into the plastic.  In fact, the plastic broke from just sitting in my drawer for a week with the headband fully extended.	1
I recently received the Zen Microphoto as a gift.  Since I travel fairly often, I decided to purchase the Traveldock after reading the reviews.  It's great.  The Microphoto fits in easily and comes out just as simply.  The sound is rich, loud enough, and better than any other travel speakers that I own.  Many people comment on the bass issue.  For travel speakers, the Traveldock has the best bass to date, in my opinion.  True bass enthusiasts could purchase the subwoofer (for an additional $60 from Creative's website).  I'm very satisfied with the sound and the convenience.  The jacks are easy to reach and use, which are on the back of the unit.  Also, the Microphoto charges while docked, whether it's playing or not.  There's even an attachable FM antenna that plugs in to give you reception when docked (since you are not using the earphones which serve as an antenna also).  By the way, it comes with a remote control which allows you to switch between FM and MP3's, adjust volume, and play/pause/FF/Rew.  Overall, this is a very nice addition to the Zen Microphoto.	1
Again, Creative Labs has combined all you need into one package: line in jack, usb port, fm antenna, and even a jack for a sub-woofer! for a small portable speaker, this system gets pretty loud and clear. The stereo effect button works great, the design is very stylish and the remote is a nice finishing touch. now for the cons;like most reviewers,i too, have to say the bass is lacking a bit, and the stand has a bit of trouble holding the speakers up due to small rubber feet that doesnt grip very well. and the last thing is the speakers itself doesnt have any grill or guard on it and it looks like it could be damaged easily, but these are minor things i can overlook and all in all for the price, this speaker system is very good.	1
I bought these speakers based on price because I just wanted to get some budget speakers to start off with on my home theater.  It turns out that these speakers have amazing sound quality easily rivaling speakers that cost 10x the price.	1
nice little system but only 4 ohms so doesnt handle a lot of power. Good sound for an apartment	1
For the cost, you can't go wrong with these speakers from Jensen. We love them, and in shopping around found them to be one of the best home theater values. The sound is great, and the speakers are perfect for just about any home theater need	1
Purchased this iterm for my HP8450 printer. Pictures are outstanding and the cartridge does the job.Only problem is the cartridge gets eaten up in no time at all. Cost per print no bargain. Problem isn't with the catridge, but with the printer and print process. Now we know why HP has printers at such reasonable price. They eat you up and spit you out via the price of cartidges. That's where the real profit lies. Amazon is tops in price and service delivery	1
About 2 1/2 years ago I finally got into the digital age.  I began printing my own pictures and have tried every brand of photo paper out there (Kodak, HP, store brands, etc. etc.).  By far, the most superior paper is Canon.  They make fabulous photo paper that is reasonably priced and prints GREAT photos.	1
Echoing most other reviews here, this is an excellent set of earphones that are well worth the money.  But buying them is a risk! If you don't wear these earphones correctly, they sound terrible, easily shown up by any pair of throwaway phones.  Those unsatisfied with the sound quality (especially those complaining of lack of bass) either haven't put them in correctly or have oddly shaped ears.	1
This was the largest set that would fit into my space. I also looked at the Westinghouse 37 inch HD moniter at Best Buy. The first time, I looked at the Westinghouse the picture looked a bit fuzzy. Then I read the review on CNET which said the Westinghouse picture was actually better than the Sharp. I went back to Best Buy and asked the sales person if the picture on the Westinghouse could be improved. He said it was as it good as it could be. He than said the Sharp was twice the price of the Westinghouse, so I should expect a better picture on the Sharp.In any event, I purchased the Sharp on Amazon during the recent Electronic Express Sale. On HD, the picture is amazing. It's also quite good on regular TV.	1
We bought 3 of these and every one has dead pixels. It's not a ton, but one monitor has three that are red in the center of the screen, and other has a few that are bright green in the corner. Not a huge deal, but there are some in all 3	1
This is my second purchase of these speakers.They provide great sound especially for the price.My kids use them with their computers and Ipods.I recommend them to everyone	1
Really don't think you can get better sound for your dollar. Not only look cool, but sound great. Have only had for two months, but no issues.	1
Before i bought this product, i was contemplating which brand name hard drive i should go with.  I was told Seagate was top of the line.  It truly is.  No problems at all, easy to setup and use, and a fair price.  I highly recommend Seagate over any other brand name (I've heard problems with other brands)	1
This is a great little piece of hardware.	1
This drive is whisper quiet, easy to install and use, and in my experience, plenty fast. I recently encoded my CD collection in flac format and am using this drive to store files. I also used foobar2000/LAME to convert the flac files to MP3, all on this drive. During the process of converting the files, which is pretty IO-intensive, I found the drive to be completely reliable and the speed to be more than adequate	1
I purchased this radio to keep on my kitchen counter.  I chose Boston Acoustics over Tivoli because you can't preset the stations in the Tivoli and I like to flip through commercials. Other reviewers wrote that the bass can be overpowering.  I listen to rock music and do not notice the bass. My complaint is that this radio advertises itself as picking up weak stations very clearly.  It does not pick up stations much better then the other radios in my house.  Also if you are listening to the radio you can't see the time display.	1
Excellent accessory, portable and you do not have to apply anything permanent to your vehicle....highly recommended	1
Wow! Now I can transfer all I have in my PC to my cellphone. It's awesome... I need no cable to transfer stuff from my PC to my cellphone and from my cellphne to my PC. You can get this item in a very special price. Get it!!	1
I own a set of older Martin Logan speakers. Their quality is legendary with a price to match. So I was interested in maximizing performance. When I called their office for advice, one of the tech guys (excellent service, by the way) told me the Monster banana plugs were great, not the best or most expensive available, but a good value. That was enough for me. My speakers are bi-wired so I purchased two sets of four plugs. Installation was a snap and the sound is wonderful. Add to that the free shipping, no tax and a total price saving of $12.00 and you can't do better than Amazon!	1
This ain't cheap, but it's worth it. I've learned my lesson buying cheaper toner cartridges, but they don't even come close to the quality and longevity of the Brother brand. You get what you pay for..	1
No problems with these, and great price at amazon	1
This is an awesome little MP3 player.  I enjoy both the MP3 player and the FM radio.  It is very easy to use and syncs well with Windows Media Player.  It is perfect for going to the gym because it is so small.  It came with a great leather case that fits it well and prevents damage and scratches.  My only problem with the player is that I can't fit more than 66-69 songs although it says there is about 70MB of space left on the player	1
I've been using this router for a few days. I just had to set it up - I haven't had any cause to touch it since, it's very reliable. Highly recommended	1
Unit works about as expected, with possible exception of a few areas of the screen that are not too sensitive to the touches from the stylus.  So far I am working around that.  This is my 3rd Deluxe and the 1st one to give any operational problem of any sort.  Generally a good product	1
Yeah, so apparently this was a really good PDA to buy. I BOUGHT THIS THREE YEARS AGO AND IT STILL WORKS! Ive been searching for a new PDA since I thought this one was so out of date, and when reading all the reviews I came across many new "state of the art" PDAs that broke after only a few months. This baby has been great to me for three long years, so if you are looking for a reliable buy, go for this. Definately NOT flashy, very basic. All I use it for is appointments, dates, and to-dos. GREAT FOR STUDENTS WHO WANT TO USE A PDA AS AN AGENDA!	1
I am working with my new PDA the Live Drive and is great to have akk ny videos, music and to write my notes and documents before my shift or meeting, and also the wireless connection is so great. I like the option that you can use it as an external drive	1
I am extremely happy with this purchase and will most likely purchase another one of these, soon	1
Netgear clearly has not figured out how to make their RangeMax adapter work well with the Microsoft XP operating system.  If you're not a techie, I'd stay away until Microsoft has certified the WPN311. Here's what I experienced:	1
I lost my previous RadioShack surge strip and the various pieces of equipment attached to it in the Queens power failure and wanted something dependable. The price is great for its rating and all the stuff included, and it is kind of cool-looking too!  Recommend without reservation	1
I'm using the Monster Cable MP Home Theater PowerCenter HTS800 to remove line noise in the electrical current to a high-end tube pre-amp.  The line noise is removed beautifully; however, the PowerCenter itself creates a high-pitched tone.  The tone comes out of the PowerCenter device directly.  If you are planning to use this product on a high-end sound system, I recommend placing it in a location that is acoustically isolated.	1
For the background, I've owned & used various IEM (In-Ear-Monitor) headphones over the years: Ety ER4p, Altec Lansing iM716, Shure E2c, Sony EX71, Koss KSC75.  Here's my quick impression after using these headphones for a week:	1
All in-ear headphones will make some noise when the wires brush up against something.  Sound travels along wires... it's physics, there's nothing you can do about that.  Now, these earphones are incredibly light-weight and the wires are thin so that actually reduces the noise traveling through the wires.	1
This is the 4th spindle I've ordered and I haven't had a problem with any of my DVDs.	1
This little charger works great. It is the second one of it's kind that I have purchased. The last one took a lot of abuse and therefore I needed to replace it. Would buy it again. Charges quickly and is quite handy	1
The Fang is amazing!!!!! I just got it,theres nothing like it. The keyz are in the perfect spot to kill all your fellow gamers. all you need is the fang and a mouse and your good to go. you have to get this if you want to stand a chance in FPS games.	1
I love the new nanos. I don't think I have anything bad to say about it besides it not having a radio. It is small and very thin. You barely feel it in your pocket, which might annoy some people but not me. I'd rather get this than any Zen products or Sandisk Sansas because it looks way better and it way thinner. The screen is really bright with the full color display. The new earbuds are A LOT more comfortable than the old ones. The new ones aren't as bulky and actually fit in my small ears with out them slipping out. I don't know why people hate the sound of the earbuds but they are certainly loud and good enough for me! The new color coating is scratch resistant, but not the click wheel and the Apple symbol. But you don't notice the scratches on the white parts. The longer battery life is twice as long as the first generation nano, 24 hours! The new 4 GB color nanos are the same price as the 2 GB of the 2nd gen nanos. I'm so happy I waited after the 1st gen nanos came out. I would never get the 1st gen nanos now since they scratch easily, have a dark screen, and have a short battery life. The new nanos are great deals and great gifts. I recommend this mp3 player to anyone that wants a good, reliable, scratch resistant, cool looking music player! 5/5 star	1
I am satisfied. Works great with my Phone Nokia E6	1
I have to say, when I first purchased this little goodie, I just assumed I was buying more memory for my Motorola Q.  I had no idea just how useful and reliable this would be.  It has proven to be not only invaluable, but a very good investment, based on price and usage.  Buy one, no TWO.  These things are great	1
I'm a big fan of trackballs and this one is my favorite on the market right now.  Just love it	1
I thought I'd weigh in, as the reviews suggesting noncompliance with Apple products seemed ominous.  I bought a Passport, and the USB outlet on my Macbook powers it perfectly well.  I don't need an external power supply.	1
These Verbatim discs have the DataLife Plus layer of protection that will allow them to last 100+ years. I'm a professional photographer and it's crucial to store my client's digital photos and artwork onto a disc that will remain stable in years to come. I've tried many brands and types of discs and have lost data (read errors) many times but so far with the hundreds of Verbatim discs I've burned so far, I haven't had a problem yet. The Kodak brand discs were also excellent, but Kodak discontinued making them. SONY also makes a good disc. These discs can be printed on directly with an ink jet printer such as the Epson R200/R300/R320, and the surface area is printable right up to the hub! I have no reason to switch to any other brand as long as Verbatim continues to make a great disc	1
These Verbatims are terrific.  As you may know, working with DVD-R media is almost a gamble...cheap media will save you a few pennies but either give you coasters or media that plays on few players.  Sticking to name brands helps, but even then, some brands rely on outside sources for their media and while one lot/batch may be good, the next batch from the same brand may be from somewhere else.  Usually, you're safe with media made in Japan.  These Verbatim's are made in Taiwan but, they are great..I've bought one every couple months and I'm on my 3rd spindle now.	1
Notebooks Pro is the highest rated webcam (for notebooks) on the market and for good reason.  Audio and Video quality is excellent.  You can talk normal and be 2 or 3 feet away with no problem.  The echo cancellation feature is a true must for webcams, especially with the use of video.  On the negative side the USB cable is too short which limits interchangeability with your desktop.  Also, I have the Quickcam Fusion for my desktop which is a 5 star rated product and without doubt the best of the best webcams overall.  Logitech ships that product with Quickcam 10 software which is probably a nice update to Quickcam 9 the Notebook Pro uses.  Unfortunately, Logitech provides little detail and info on these technical and software issues.  B	1
I had the previous version also. It is so far the best webcam I ever owned. Don't even bother to compare it with cheap creative ones. The frame rate and picture quality is awesome. Works in very low light conditions and has great software which can even make gieco or alien out of you.	1
I got this mouse because I have developed carpel tunnel pain in my shoulder from years and years of mouse activity. I'm happy to say it is nearly gone (the pain) - I ordered one for my office and will now get one for home.  It does take a bit of getting used to (after years of movable mouse action) - but it can be done.	1
Unlike many other cables that splice A/V output, this cable does so while retaining the details of that output.  I.e., both Left and Right channels are extracted and outputted, not simply the Left channel with audio mixed down to mono.  Also, it works on some computers, too!	1
I am running the RadioShark on a G4 PowerBook w/ Mac OS X 10.4.  I am very happy with the programmed recording - saves to a variety of formats, etc. Very handy! The unit did all that it promised, but it could have had much better software. A Dashboard Widget is also included that controls basic operation, but not recording or EQ.	1
This is a total bargain. Not only was the price right, it works perfectly in the car, at home converting every radio to a stereo system for my iPod Nano. When they're put together it looks like one unit and if, by chance, you use a Motorola Rzr phone the charger works with he iTrip and recharges the Nano, eliminating the need for any other charger devices	1
The over-the-air picture is crisp, colors are bright and the size is just right. Pretty good viewing angle as well	1
I totally recommend this mouse. I purchased the 1st mouse a few months about and just now bought another one for my other laptop.  I like it that you have an assortment of colors you can chose from also. The battery life is pretty good also	1
I use this with an iMac. It does not come with drivers for Mac OS X, nor does D-Link offer any help. They refuse to admit it will work with Macs. I was pointed toward a driver made available at [...]. I remember having trouble getting it to work, but once it was working it has worked well and consistently. The iMac connects to an AEBS a couple rooms away through the D-Link	1
I have been going nuts trying to find a decent set of headphones for my new iPod.  All I wanted was decent sound for a decent price, but after trying various models of ear-buds and standard phones and returning them all I figured I was going to have to shell out some big bucks after all.  But, then I decided to pull the trigger on some cans made by a great old company from my youth that used to be THE only choice for headphones- KOSS of course!  And man- they still have it.  These aren't the greatest phones I've ever heard, but for $20 (and it seems you can now get them for half that!) they easily compare to some well-known sets costing 3 times as much or more.  Finally, no awful hi-mid peaks that threaten to end my career as an audio engineer *cough cough Sony cough*.  They are fairly comfortable- I think I would rather have the traditional over-the-head band but you get used to these pretty quick.  These sound nice, full- the bass doesn't thump like a lot of people like but to my ears it's smooth.  And most important, you can listen for hours without ear fatigue.  Without a doubt, these are the best budget phones I've ever owned!  My bottom line- anyone who doesn't grab these for $10 bucks a pop is insane.  Period *g	1
I've tried several different brands of headsets and this one wins. It reduces noise, has excellent sound and is comfortable for hours at a time. My office is between the shop, where we make rocket engines, and the flight line on the airport, where airplanes are tested. Sometimes jet aircraft sit outside my window and perform engine run-ups, or idle the APU for hours. This headset reduces the white noise while still allowing me to hear the phone ring even when a local F-4 Phantom II tests the afterburner.	1
Good price. Good company. I use this on my Kodak CX7300 and it's fine. Good product to buy	1
Works as advertised, have not had a single problem with it since installing it in my Tungsten T	1
Bought this a few months ago for my 3yr old son.  He loves it.  We have used it in the car as well as when he goes to meetings with me.  Never had a single problem with it	1
We bought this product for a long car trip and the kids loved it. I've also used it and thought the sound and picture were wonderful. It was exactly what we were looking for and for a fantastic price! We are very happy	1
I've bought several of these cables and have been very happy with my purchase.  I've used them for hooking up my Gaming Systems, TV, Cable Box, and Receiver/DVD Player.  (Note: I had to buy a small 3 in 1 Fiber Optic Switch Box to handle all these cables -my Receiver and TV only had one digital audio connection each.)	1
I have had this phone now about 3 months and I am VERY HAPPY with it. IT has all the things and want and many more, The hand sets are very clear and I love the fact I can check voice mail on any hand set that goes with it I do not have to run to the main answering machine to check the voice mail. The range of the hand sets is great had no problem at all with this.  So far I love everything with this phone, It is much better than either of the last two phone I have had. I have walked over a 1/2 block from the house and it still works clearly, I have never had a phone that worked so far away from home	1
I purchased the Notebook Cooler approximately one month ago, after reading online testimonials of laptops becoming damaged from overheating. Thankfully, the same time I read that, Circuit City was having a sale on this item for only $15, after mail-in rebate. Fast forward one month and my opinion of the Cooler so far: not bad...	1
The Logitech MX 400 mouse in my opinion was a good buy.  It is very reliable, accurate, scrolls smooth, and is precise and responsive on every surface I have used it on.  It is also light weight and comfortable, making it the purfect mouse for the price	1
I bought two pairs of these when I saw them in a store on sale for under $15 each.  They've both gotten extensive use over the past couple years.  The cushioning on the outside is cloth inside a black material that I suppose imitates leather in looks and feel.  This outer material on the cushions has worn off in flakes on both pairs, which makes it look raggedy, but the comfort and sound quality isn't affected by it so I don't consider it a big deal.   The headband adjust on one side of one pair seems to have had something break inside it which lets that earmuff go farther down than it "should," but likewise, it's something to be expected with this much use and hasn't affected comfort.	1
I recently bought these speakers because I wanted to play my iPod in the office. The sound is better then expected.  While I would get a better speaker system for my home, for the office or on the go, these will do very nicely	1
Myself and my grandchildren love to hold these adorable pets, their fun. lifelike and surprisingly sturdy. Get one!	1
What a relief to find this mouse after having bought a Microsoft 6000 lazer mouse which caused my tendonitis to flare up again really bad.  I had originally gotten really bad tendonitis from another Microsoft "ergonomic" mouse a year ago, which became chronic, but barely noticeable until I tried the 6000.	1
This laser version tracks much better on odd surfaces compared to the Logitech V200 I have.	1
JBL speaker system for IPOD is an outstanding product, I would highly recommend it	1
This is a product too unique for me not too try.  I've struggling with lost receipts and always in a panic mode when tax day comes.  There's just no other easy way I've found to keep track of all my receipts.	1
I have used this and the optical cable.  For $20 less, it sounds just as good.  Monster cable is a great price point investment for anyone who wants to get the most out of their home theater system	1
Excellent antenna.  Why pay so much more for other indoor antennas such as Terk or Samsung. I tried both of those but ended up with the Zenith at a fraction of the price and with much better reception	1
I live in Manhattan on the 7th floor of an apartment building surrounded by taller buildings on all sides and this antenna provides great reception. I use it hooked up to an HP 3200 lcd tv with built-in tuner. It took me less than five minutes from package being opened to finding the best place for the antenna to sit for reception. The cable is a few feet long and the antenna itself light. I have it resting atop my center channel speaker. $20 is a great price to watch the hd content the major networks provide- especially for football	1
This is very comfortable and works very well.  It's heavy enough that it doesn't move around or push the keyboard, as some of the other types of wrist rests that I've used have done.  Yet it's cushiony while sturdy enough to provide support.	1
I type medical reports for a living, up to 10 hours a day and 7 days a week. Without the wrist rest, my wrists would not be able to hold up. The wrist rest is the perfect size. It stays in place on the desk. The gel continues to be supportive, even after a year of working on it. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because of the back of the wrist rest that lays on the desk has a horrible smell. I can't smell it while typing, only when I pick it up for cleaning. I wish there was the option for half stars - I'd give this 4-1/2 stars	1
Works well....Customer support from Garmin....more than excellent...One complaint..Very short battery life...Requires a 12 volt charging adapter...Windshield suction cup charge adapter is a must to use as a G.P.S....Also...Get a minimum 512 MB SD card for combo marine and street navigation....One plus is the brightness,unit size,and screen size....Do not keep it in your breast pocket while on the boat...Dont float..not waterproof..nuff said	1
This product took less than 5 minutes to unbox, install, and work properly. Well built, and functions exactly as I would have hoped. I am impressed with the ability of the suction cup to stay attached, even in the summer heat of Las Vegas	1
This is a very simple product that works as advertised. Easy to set up within MacOS X. I use the AirTunes functionality which is very cool. I don't use the USB printing. While more expensive than other 802.11g routers/access points, the simplicity + AirTunes functionality make it worth the extra money	1
This Uniden phone/answering system has been trouble free since we bought it three months ago.  Here's a list of the other things about this phone that I like most:	1
Very effective inside a plane comparing to the other noise cancelling headphone I have. Sound is ok for what it does. However, in a moving vehicle, it actually distorts the music which is a surprise. My other noise-cancelling headphone does not do that. It appears to have a relative long lag time in creating the opposite noise-cancelling wave. By the time the opposite wave applies to the music, the intruding noise is over. Otherwise, no complains	1
I was debating over the PictureMate, Kodak Printer Dock 3, Sony DDP-FP50, and the HP Photosmart 475. I made the choice of the HP and I LOVE IT! The prints are 4800x1200dpi and look like real lab prints. I use the HP 4x6 boarderless Premium Plus photo paper with the HP Ink and the prints are just wonderful. Forget the other bad reviews because this printer beats them all. (...) The HP produces bright, vivid pictures designed to last a lifetime. The PictureMate is also alot larger than the HP 475. The 1.5GB hard drive is a plus as well. HP said that the remote is not included but they lied, they come with the remote and battery. Overall, this printer is the best I have own	1
These DVDs are absolutely top quality, and you really need to use bad DVDs to know how bad they can get.  I ordered a pack a while ago and have burnt 7 discs so far.  Not a single coaster, and Nero data verification (I always do that for DVDs) has not brought up any errors ever.  BTW, the discs had a mixture of both large and very small files.  The burner is the DVD multi drive on my Dell Inspiron Laptop (1505).	1
I burn a ton of DVDs and have used almost every brand out there.  Many have errors, even the top brand names like Memorex...etc.	1
First off, these puppies sound good! However, there are things anyone intending to buy these earphones should know:	1
I purchase two of these phones to add to our base unit. Very easy set up. Quality product	1
I had slight confusion whether to choose the sony 64 MB memory stick, which is nearly the same price or this one, which has twice the memory capacity of the previous one. I choose this one for the better deal and to add to my surprise J&R Electronics shipped it so quickly(You guys Rock!!!). This one comes par with sony memory media in every field. So why choose the one with lesser memory capacity. Choose this one and feed your camera with some memory space	1
Delivered on time, no problems setting it up (just followed the instructions to format it because I didn't want the default format it comes with, which is less safe). It's been running fine ever since I bought it. I can't comment on the speed of access because, since I leave it backing up over night, I don't really care. It's all done in the morning anyway, so I don't really need anything faster	1
I like this unit. It is hooked up to an S-Video in from my Digital Cable Box, and uses a component video out to a Mitsubishi HDTV. Picture quality is very good; I'm very used to my high-quality Sony DVD player DVP-NS700P, but this one is very close. There is just a touch of graininess to the picture from the Cable box, but then I've not compared with other units. I think its more than acceptable. A DVD I burned played fine on the Sony..but...when I recorded one program, deleted it, and then recorded again, it would only play on an older Sony DVD player. My Sony DVD player is kind of touchy, anyhow.	1
I don't normally write reviews on products but in this case I feel I must share the value and features of this product.  You can't go wrong in selecting this player/recorder for your DVD needs.  The quick start guide is just that "quick" and well planned.  The people at Samsung know how to write manuals and this manual is the best I have seen well documented with pictures (in full color) and just that step-by-step for the novice.  The setup diagram is excellent.  The features are numerous you can throw any discs you have left over from other recording machines and through it in takes three seconds to intialize (any disc) and away you go.  One touch record starts immediately.  The quality is superb especially in High Definition. I couldn't wait to get it after reading the reviews from the last Electronics Trade Show so I was able to get it from back East about three weeks ago. Finalizing discs is a snap and easy I have had difficulty formatting on other machines but the Samsung is so easy the on-screen menu is good and the remote is easy to navigate even with my big fingers! It will play mp3s, CDs, computer made DivX movies, Region 1 DVDs, Picture discs from your computer and you can make your own movies from your camcorder or video camera and burn on the fly.  You can also program your other electronics into the remote but you must know the manufacturer's codes which they list in a handy guide.  If you are shopping for a multi recorder/player search no more get this one you won't be disappointed	1
I bought this set of speakers expecting a piece of junk...I WAS TOTALLY WRONG!!! These are great, they give the bass right where you want it. Sometimes i have to turn the bass all the way down and it is still too much. Watch out these come on sale instores for around $8.00 sometimes. That's where i got my 1st pair	1
The sound range and clarity is quite good, they are comfortable. My only hesitation is the cord is too short for my purposes, I'd like to use it with my computer not a MP3 attached to my belt	1
I got my mini about nine monthes ago right before they were discontinued (which, in my opinion, was a big mistake on Apple's part) and I absolutely love it! Mine is pink, and the color is so nice, the design sleek and seamless all around. It's smooth metal casing is really nice and different. The clickwheel is smooth and I have had no problems with it.	1
I haven't written any reviews for Amazon before, but when prompted for my feedback on this trackball, I had to respond.  I've been using one of these or its predecessors since the early 90's when Kensington first came out with the "Turbo Mouse".  It was great then, and now it's better.  This is as solid, smooth, and precise of an input device as you can get.  I don't understand those others with buttons on the side that when you press them the trackball slides across your desk.  This baby stays right where you put it because your button presses go straight down.  You can use it with just the tips of your fingers or your whole hand -- your choice.  The optical version is far superior to the old mechanical ones that needed frequent cleaning to stay in tip top performance.  The only drawback is the $100 retail price, but frankly it's worth that.  It's a no brainer at $80 which is what I paid through Amazon to Tiger Direct.  If you need (or want) a high performance trackball that you'll be able to use with many computers to come, get this one	1
These speakers are awesome for the price.  They charge your ipod even when the unit is off.  The sound quality is great for around 50 bucks.  I bought these for traveling and they are small enough to fit in a suitcase without taking up too much room.  They also stack so they don't take up much counter space.  I can't say enough about the sound quality.  They are great	1
I work for a small sized consulting engineer's firm where everyday we have to scan some hundreds of pages of text (magazine articles, old projects, letters from the client, books, etc).	1
The CD sound is like being at the concert. Hooking the radio up to a television makes the home theater experience even better. The  fm radio receiption is even clear. Great quality product. Worth the money	1
These are some great headphones with a few minor flaws:	1
I have always run all of my media through my pc and my former speaker set (a Midiland 5.1 system) was thoroughly aged and falling apart I decided it was time to upgrade.  I wanted something that had incredible sound with both music and dvd's.  I shopped around and came to the conclusion I would aim for the form factor speakers.  When considering this bose system, this MUST be taken into account.	1
Ladies and Gentlemen,	1
Very easy to use. Expend my wireless network access from two marginal to five with very good signal level. No external power required. Highly recomend it.	1
Could not have been easier to install - literally just put the included CD in the drive, and plug the device into your USB 2.0 port.  Installed and self-configured in minutes.  Very small, light, no additional power cords to worry about, no additional software (beyond the automatically installed drivers) to install - quick and easy.  Only issue I found is that the antenna is permanent, so you could never swap for replacement/better antenna like you can on some other wireless NICs	1
This cover is very durable, however it is somewhat difficult to get the ipod into the case.  The case covers the entire ipod except for small vent holes so it is very water resistant, but the case covers the locking button making it harder to lock and unlock the ipod	1
I purchased this answering machine with the intention of expanding the quantity of phones to cover the entire house. To start, I bought only one additional phone. I'll buy the rest later. So far I am very pleased. The sound quality is excellent and there are numerous bonus features that I have found very useful. Like the talking caller ID and being able to screen messages from any of the phones. I also like being able to program a phone directory into one phone and transfering (download) a single entry or the entire list to the other phones. And each phone is also a speaker phone and a full intercom.	1
Kingston's 2GB Data Traveler USB drive is perfect to storage files. I have looked for a 2 GB USB and found this one to be the cheapest based on its characteristices. I think it is a bargain price	1
I love these speakers and the price was great	1
I'm very happy with the Kensington SX 2000. I listen mostly to jazz and the midrange is as good as the higher end Bose or Apple speaker systems. Pumping up the volume does not distort in any way either. Plus, I have my speaker on a divider that equally services both ends of the open space	1
I love Belkin and their surge protectors are top quality. I specifically look for their brand and I am always very impressed. This model has been especially good to me over the last 3 years and I would highly recommend it	1
I am a camcorder buff. Ever since my children were born, I have	1
This little device is a great invention from HP.  I had problems installing the unit and was on the telephone with HP Tech support (India) for 1.75 hours, I spent very little time on hold.	1
I recently began upgrading my home audio by buying at Ebay 2 pairs of JBL E20s and 1 Pair E30s, an E25 center speaker and a Harmon Kardon AVR. I got the first pair of e20s a week ago and the 2nd pair of E20s and the E30 yesterday and the remaining stuff should be delivered by the weekend.	1
I repartitioned the disk so I have a Macintosh partition and a Windows partition.  I back up both my Mac and my PC to this disk.  It is fast and easy to use	1
I use the drive to back up important data. I write a few GB to the drive each time. I was surprise by how fast data transfered onto the hard drive through the USB2.0 interface. It is quiet and I have no complain	1
Used for backing up a huge quantity of high resolution digital images. The drive is fast and quiet in it's operation, while taking up very little space on the desktop. I highly recommend this drive and this brand of drives	1
This equipment is simply and perfect a viable connection  to the world "where you are"!. My work forces to me to travel to very distant sites where the communication was difficult and this creates a access point to me for connected to the world via Interne	1
Noel Lee's Monster Cable products Inc., come up with the goods here! A cable of stunning, high resolution that snaps the picture into such clarity that you'll think you're watching scenes through a glass window and not through a television/monitor, a bold claim indeed, BUT, quite true never-the-less. I was totally unprepared for such a dramatic change for the better. This cable brings to the viewer ALL the picture, and, yes, that does mean "Warts and all"so, be prepared to see the smallest of detail, like strings and wire that enabled special effects crews to do their work "Un-seen". Who really needs HDTV when cables like Monster's MVS3-1M are this good and can bring a vastly superior standard to an existing television/monitor for only a minute fraction of the cost. Thanks Noel, well done	1
I stretched them till they fit comfortably on my wide head. They sound great to my ear and I use them alot	1
I have searched and searched and searched for a pair of portable headphones that sound as good as these with lots of failure. IMO, you cannot beat the sound of a set of "over-the-head" headphones. I have tried all styles: earbuds, behind the neck, clips, even the ear plugs. Nothing gives the sound and comfort of the KTX Pros (granted, I have never tried the sportapros or portapros, but from what I have read, they are the same headphone. Except they are UGLY!). The KTX Pros have both great lows and great highs. Plus, you can't beat that price	1
This is an affordable option that provides a lot of memory and allows USB 2.0 protocol for very fast transfer. If you need to transfer data from one digital product to another, this is very handy and I think that every person dealing a lot with data should have one.	1
I basically bought these because they were cheap. Cheap things are not always bad and these headphones are a great example. The UR-20 provides excellent sound for both music and movies. It has excellent bass and sound isolation. I am by no means an audiophile but I know good sound when I hear it and these headphones produce great sound, especially for its price.	1
Not a bad battery deal. While they don't last as long as some other batteries I've tried, their cost per battery more than makes up for it. For those that care about such things, they contain no mercury, no cadmium, and are made in China	1
I've had this keyboard a number of years and would never go back to anything else. I have (or had) severe carpal tunnel syndrom. This keyboard has eliminated that problem entirely. I can't think of a downside. Yes, it takes a bit of getting used to and yes, the keys are a bit noisy. But I have no problem with that. It just reminds me I'm working.	1
We previously had an AT&T cordless w/answering machine (1 handset) and always had trouble locating the one receiver - kind of like misplacing the TV remote. With 3 handsets, we are spoiled. Also our house has a few phone jacks but they are all located where we did not want a phone and no jacks in our den or living room. With the abilty to locate the phones anywhere in the house where there is an outlet, we were able to place one in our living room and another in our bedroom (which we can turn the ringer off).	1
Corded phones with features are becoming harder to find now-a-days.  My home needed one corded phone for sure fire communications during power outages, mobile phone down for whatever reason, etc.  This is one of the few corded phones with caller ID and no answering machine built in.  The greatest feature of this phone is it has a HOLD button so one can place a call on hold while one gets high tech cordless, etc.  Also with the built in speaker phone this phone is great in the kitchen.  Highly recommend this for your one corded phone in the house	1
Wow, who would've thought that you could get such amazing products, at affordable prices.  The staff's friendly and responds quickly to any questions that you may have.  This is one amazing phone system (Uniden TCX905), I forgot that it's a cordless.	1
Bought this for my son who is in Iraq. He doesn't leave his tent w/o it!!	1
I'm going to cover compatiblity, sound, and comfort.	1
I am overall quite pleased with these headphones.  The sound quality is excellent.  I've not had any problems with interference, background hiss or anything of that nature.	1
The keyboard is good quality and the best product I could find for the price. I recommend if you are looking for a low profile keyboard w/numeric entry pad that takes a mimimum anount of desk space.  The keypad has the feel of a large notebook computer.  So makes a great docking station keyboard if you are used to the slim kepads on most modern laptop computers.	1
First off, let me say that this is a VERY impressive monitor.  My points of reference for that statement are my other three LCD monitors: three Samsung models, two of which are 913Ns and the other is a 712N.  These two Samsung models are advertised to have the same contrast ratio rating as this ViewSonic, and their advertised brightness ratings are 20 points higher than this ViewSonic.  Surprisingly, I actually can see the brightness difference between the Samsungs and this ViewSonic, but, for my taste and needs, the Samsungs are simply too bright, and I end up turning down their brightnesses anyway.  For high light, daytime use, I have found that I do like to have the brightness all the way up on the ViewSonic, but I truly do not see any need for it to be any brighter than it is capable of being.	1
I'm using this AP, along with a Netgear 802.11g PC Card to test streaming live/recorded TV to other parts of my house.  Seems like a capable product even if I didn't use the 108Mbps feature.	1
The sound quality is pretty darn good, except that if you pace around while talking/listening, there are these annoying clicking/scratching sounds.  They are quite, and, if you stand still they go away.  I've had other phones that click/scratch while pacing around, and they actually dropped some of the sound during the clicking - at least this phone doesn't do that.	1
I got this base and added 6 TCX805 handsets to it.  The whole setup works great.  I got this base because it supports bluetooth through to my cell phone.  That features works well, there's a slightly longer pause as it connects through to the cell phone but that's trivial.  I will say this, you need to keep your cell phone within about 20' of this base.  I just take mine off, turn on Bluetooth and it automagically pairs up with the base.	1
This product is great - allowed me to connect a distant printer to my computer by hooking two of the extension cables together.  Worked right away - no problems	1
This is a great headset for my use.  It is very clear.  I use it for work, and I only make use it periodically throughout the day, making about 10 calls daily so I don't wear it all the time	1
Researched a lot before I bought this TV and for the money, this one was hands down the best 32" LCD.   Also, Amazon had the best price by far and it shipped to my house in a timely manner with no major issues.	1
I had a Zen Vision:M but I returned it because I decided I didn't need quite that much storage capacity and the hard drive seemed to sputter and whirr too often and I wanted the peace of mind that comes with owning a flash player compared to a hard drive player, so I decided to go with the Zen V since it's interface is almost identical to that of the Zen Vision M's(which I liked).	1
I have had these speakers for over a month and I love them they sound awesome. They were delivered quickly and they were brand new as described	1
I read the other reviews for these speakers so I had very high expectations. I can only say WOW! The premium price (compared with lesser 2.1 speaker systems) is absolutely justified	1
For reference, I've owned a set of Labtec APX-6420 2.1 speakers for about 6-7 years now. With the purchase of a a new computer (Mac Pro + Cinema Display) I decided it was also time to upgrade my speakers. I spent a very long time mulling over different brands and models, listening to them in stores whenever possible. Of the major "PC speaker" makers, I recall sampling Altec Lansing, Logitech, Klipsch, Bose, Creative, and JBL. Aside from listening in stores (a poor environment) I also took into account personal experience with the brands (mostly the first three I listed) in regular "home" situations.	1
I've owned these Altec's for over three years now, and I have yet to ever coming close to replacing them - as a matter of fact, when facing the decision of buying another set of speakers for a new computer, I went ahead and still purchased these babies!	1
My sound improvement wasn't as dramatic as many people describe, likely because I already had my computer wired to a good reciever and speakers, but I did notice an improvement over the integrated system I have once I made some adjustments. If you listen to rock, pop, blues or jazz, this card can make everything seem a bit brighter and punchier. It also seems to improve Pandora internet radio streams even more than my mp3's, though I have to keep the volume at about 3/4 in the Pandora player to prevent distortion. If you mostly listen to classical on a good stereo, I'm not sure if this card will do much for the sound, but it might	1
I wondered what kind of mouse I would get for $60.  I kept thinking, what could be so special about it.  Well, I don't know where to begin.  I like it so much, I'm getting ready to purchase another one just to use at work.  I used a Microsoft Explorer mouse prior and thought I'd never find a mouse that was as comforable to use and had all the extra buttons I needed.  This mouse completely puts the Explorer to shame.  It took me a few minutes to get used to how quickly it responds but I soon caught on.  I really didn't care for the glowing or the chameleon paint on it.  That's not why I got it, although it does look pretty cool.  As for gaming, I really didn't notice much improvment in my skill but it REALLY does feel better in your hand.  The bottom of the mouse it curved in so you can grip it much easier.	1
I got the Razor Diamondback a few months back and have been very pleased with it's performance.  For gaming it's great, but I do not recommended it for everyday mousing around.	1
I decided to upgrade my laptop with the wpc54gs from the wpc54g.  I did this because the "g" card would randomly disconnect when the WEP or WPA security was activated.  Living in a home near about 6 other networks I really wanted the router and wireless network secured.  So, I purchased this card to see if it would fix my problem.  I can happily say it solved the random disconnect with WPA security turned on.  The range is just fine and all my network connections seem solid.  Have not had a disconnect yet, over the last 5 hours.	1
This was easy to set-up and use. It receives the signal from the router in all the rooms in my house	1
camera works great!  the first one I ordered did not function correctly but Amazon promptly replaced it.  resolution is good and audio is a great bonus that works very well.  a great feature for me that I found was not available on all other devices was the ability to have video stored on a network folder.  additionally, there is no software required to run this	1
A device like this either works or it doesn't.  This one happens to work	1
I had no problem with the product.  The directions were pretty simple.	1
The first week I had these, the left earpiece's plastic "rails" which hold the earpiece in its slot broke.  The parts that seem to need the most strength structurally are fasioned with cheap plastic.	1
I ordered these headphones from Amazon based primarily on user reviews of a number of noise cancelling headphones. I am quite pleased with my purchase. Though not stellar audiophile quality, the sound is pretty darn good, and with some minor EQ it's excellent. The noise cancelling effect seems to work very well: much better than I expected. Furthermore, the headphones are very comfortable and seem to be solidly constructed. I highly recommend them	1
I recently bought a new 6.0 megapixel digital camera (Canon PowerShot S3 IS) which came with an extremely small and  practically useless 16MB secure digital card so I bought a couple of these 1GB PNY PSD1GRF3 secure digital cards since they were on sale for less than $20 apiece.  These SD cards are made in Japan by Toshiba (they are then rebranded and sold by PNY, Lexar, DaneElec, etc.) and I have been very pleased with them so far.  They work flawlessly with no write-speed delay in my new camera while shooting still pictures or while shooting video with stereo sound, and the card reader in my HP Pavilion M7480N Media Center PC (running Windows XP Professional service pack 2) reads the pictures and video into my Adobe Photoshop Elements 4.0 and Premiere Elements 2.0 software programs with no problems.  The only drawback is that the read-speed on these standard SD cards is a bit slow when compared to the newer and faster SD cards...it takes several minutes to transfer all the pictures or video from a full 1GB card onto my PC...but I find this to be a small inconvenience rather than a big problem.  So, if a little longer read time is not a problem for you, then save yourself some money and buy this card.  Overall, a very good standard SD card at an excellent price!	1
There isn't too much to write about this except is delivers as stated.  Great product for the price	1
I set up a small security program with my Macintosh. Intially I needed a PC to place the settings in the camera, however once I got it hooked up to my security system it works beautifully. I would recommend you leave the lights on though because if you don't you will be getting just a black, fuzzy dark image back if you are using this camera for security. This camera is a very simple easy to use camera without the fuss of zooming, pan, tilt etc. If you need a simple camera you can't go wrong with the D-link DCS-900 (Wireless or wired version)	1
What can you say?  I placed my order with Amazon.com.  A few days later the product arrived at my door.  Perfect	1
The quality of materials: zipper, hard case, strap and light	1
I bought this package purely for the keyboard. I wanted a new one with wireless technology and I was driven to Bluetooth just because it is so reliable. I do not use the keyboard and mouse together, however.	1
i recently purchased these speakers for my patio setup.  the sound quality wont blow your mind, but it does not sound bad.  its large and lound enough to hear for an outdoor speaker for the price. it has a switch in the back for outdoor/indoor.  not really sure what that does.  very easy installation with the brackets included.  (no screws provided) overall great unit for thye pric	1
I agree that these cables are way too expensive!! However that being said, they really do perform well.  I have been using them for almost a year and they are just solid.  Colors always look their best.  I know it was a silly purchase but my DVD's look great.	1
Overall, a good phone. Low cost. Well built. Many features.  Speaker works OK for the price.  Features such as caller ID and the speaker phone are powered by batteries.  As stated by another reviewer a set of batteries only lasts a few months, even if you do not use the battery-powered speaker phone often.  This phone would be a great phone (for the price) if it did not use batteries, but was a plug-in model	1
For a long time I was looking for a phone to use with skype.  For the price and convenience, Actiontec Internet phone wizard was the best I found and ordered it from Amazon ($42.99 with free shipping).  After receiving the modem I have been using it for almost a month now and I am extremely happy.  I have connected my codeless phone to it and everything seems to be working fine	1
This headset is everything that I hoped it would be and the seller rates 100	1
you can never go wrong with this paper. I always buy it here, the price in stores is outrageous	1
My experince shows that it is always better to use paper from the same brand as your printer. Then the result is really outstanding print after print. The paper is really top quality and regardless of your needs it will satisfy them. Bravo Canon for this first class product	1
Agree with the reviewer who called this a 'Perfect Product'.  It is.	1
I purchased this to use with my newly acquired Slingbox Pro.  All I had to do was plug these into wall outlets and connect the Lan wires.  Worked like a charm...couldn't believe it was that easy.  Great performance and good price from Amazon	1
Bottom line up front:	1
This is a corded mouse; fits comfortably in your hand.  Moves smoothly across table surface; works well on a mousepad as well if you need wrist support.	1
It has very good definition but is slow, even in the night is not that good and is slower	1
While the product description states this battery is "Compatible with Motorola T5320, T5400, T5420, T5600, T5620, T5700, T5720, T5800, and T5820 2-way radios" the 53615 is compatible with many more.  To bad Amazon couldn't put this online for us.	1
I purchased this phone system as a gift. I set it up and used it extensively. The handsets have features that you are used to finding in a cell phone. Many different ring tones to choose from, the antenna lights up when a call comes in. You can even set special colors and ring tones for specific callers so you'll know when they're calling without picking up the handset.	1
I was looking for a new pair of headphones to compliment my brand new ipod nano when I ran across these on a website. I was a little hesitant at first because I don't think I ever spent over $40 on a pair of headphones. I finally decided to invest in these because I spend most of my free time listening to music. I received these the other day, and immediately plugged them into my ipod. Please don't let the breaking in period discourage you! After these become comfortable, you will hear music you have never heard before even when you are listening to songs you have heard thousands of time.	1
This is the Ultimate Ears Super fi model especially designed for "bassheads," featuring a disproportionately large bass driver complemented by a more conventional driver for the middle and high frequencies. I don't think UE would ever claim that what results is a balanced sound signature. Yes, the mids and highs are present and the quality is clean and reasonably detailed, but these frequencies are definitely recessed and with some kinds of music this can result in an unnatural kind of reproduction.	1
we have this for our 30gb ipod and it works fine in both our cars.....very handy and a must buy!!	1
This is the 2nd Gamepad I've owned (My first PC was in 1993).  The 1st gamepad was the Gravis Gamepad (4-button + D-Pad).  I recently upraded and there is no GAME/MIDI port on the new system, plus I need more buttons for Need For Speed Most Wanted, etc.	1
We have had this phone for almost a year and I love it. We have the base station which is also an answereing machine  plus we have  a sattelite phone.  I wish we had more satelite phones.  I love the talking feature because I just listen and know who is calling. I also love the programming feature.  I never have to look aup a tel number that I call regularly anymore. I just wish the extra phones were not so expensive to add on.	1
The system worked out of the box allowing me to quickly link up additional devices in an in-home office which had a single network connection. Haven't measured simultaneous throughput to multiple computers yet, but from simple observation connectivity seems transparent. Should allow for movement to gigabit switching in the future as well	1
This cable is of the best quality, quick shipment and at a price that beats all the retail stores - you can't go wrong	1
I did buy a set of 2 "Base station and extra handset". Its a great design, tons of features, MP3 ring ton, Picture Caller ID, Sync with your PC for phone book, Answering machine, etc.	1
I work at a home office so I am on the phone lot.  I always buy cordless phones I can use with a headset so I can have both arms free while I talk with a min of background noise intrusion. In other words, I don't talk with the phone cradled between my shoulder and ear. And I don't use speaker phone features. Let's just get that out of the way now since those are things some have complained about that I couldn't care less about.	1
I bought this for my kids computer when I bought a new one for hubby and myself... these speakers sound better then the more expensive ones I have....	1
i wanted a top quality palm with the bells and whistles.  this is pretty close to it but i had a few problems with the email and web features.  granted i am not a techie, but connecting and checking email should be more straightforward.  all the other features are top notch and overall i love my palm	1
I purchased this item for a long trip so I could charge and/or play my Zen mp3 player in the car without worrying about battery life on the trip. It worked great. I am also planning to use it for my notebook in the car the same way because the car adapter for my notebook costs $100	1
I have searched and searched and searched for a pair of portable headphones that sound as good as these with lots of failure. IMO, you cannot beat the sound of a set of "over-the-head" headphones. I have tried all styles: earbuds, behind the neck, clips, even the ear plugs. Nothing gives the sound and comfort of the KTX Pros (granted, I have never tried the sportapros or portapros, but from what I have read, they are the same headphone. Except they are UGLY!). The KTX Pros have both great lows and great highs. Plus, you can't beat that price	1
For the price is is great.	1
I thought that this flash drive was above average in performance. Works well between a Macintosh and a PC. I liked the feature--missing from my last flash drive--of easily emptying the drive after use without having to some fancy erasing techniques. In other words, the PNY worked like a real hard drive. I would like the manufacuters to explain in detail how to attach the tread to the laniard. It took me a while to figure it out	1
With so many of these ipod speaker docks on the market, it was sort of struggle to decide.  Ultimately, I felt very comfortable going with the Bose brand.  Plus, in my opinion, this is about the sleakest and best-looking unit out there (I went with black; I'm not an Apple-white drone).  The sound is very, very good for small to medium size spaces.  There are not a lot of features to the unit, which I think is a good thing - it just focuses on the sound and the small footprint.  Mini remote control work well and again the small size makes it unimposing in this world of too many remotes.  Power cord is plenty long and I like the fact I can easily move the thing to a different room if I need music there	1
Well, the bose sounddock is a wonderful music dock.  Its VERY simple. just put your ipod on there and ROCK OUT TO THE BEAT. The bose quality is very obvious, and it looks like you could spend 300 dollars on it, which brings me to my next point. ITS TOO EXPENSIVE. my recomendation is to buy an FM transmitter and listend to your ipod on any Fm raido.  The only disadvantage of an Fm transmitter to this is that this will charge your ipod, and its slightly easier(but thats what iPod is all about, isnt it...?)	1
I'm a jogger, and like to listen to All Things Considered while I run miles and miles. This radio is great because the light weight is unobtrusive. It has a convenient "lock" button to prevent accidentally changing the station with a bump. I previously had a similar size unit from Aiwa, this Sony has MUCH MUCH better reception	1
This works well, allows you to view imported photos, but it is a slow proccess best left for the hotel room. Just plan on taking plenty of batteries and the charger for your ipod.	1
This card is the largest size that will allow clean video with FinePix cameras from 2004 or earlier.  The picture-to-picture lag time is minimal with this card and video is excellent.	1
I was devout in my belief that I could get similar photo output from my Canon S800 with less expensive paper.  I bought those big boxes of 100 sheets of Kodak's photo quality glossy from Costco.  My prints were blotchy.  Then I got my hands on some of Canon's Photo Paper Pro, and my pictures were magically crystal clear.  The difference is amazing.  I never would've thought paper would make this much difference.  I've since bought Canon's 15 sheet packs multiple times.  I now use the Kodak stuff for drafts or to give prints to people who don't care much about the quality of the output, while I save the Canon Photo Paper Pro for prints we want to frame	1
This stick is fantastic for high resolution photos and is lightning quick. Do you need the extra speed the MSX-M1GN gives you? Maybe, maybe not. But at least you have it when and if you need the feature. Highly recommend it for the money.	1
Those people giving these speakers low reviews because they don't have enough bass are idiots.  I don't know what people expect of these little speakers, but it is difficult to imagine them delivering as much bass as they do.  These are amazing little speakers that have accompanied me in all of my travels; from Paris to camping in Northern California.  I cannot imagine going everywhere without them.  They are not  equivalent to a $10k stereo system, but they are not meant to be.  All I need is my Zen touch or Zen micro and these speakers.  Do not listen to the other reviews, these speakers will make a decent stereo of your MP3 player.  Enjoy them anywhere	1
I have used VoSKY Skype Call Center (USB07051C-01) for about a year now as my only home Skype In phone (paying $3.16 a month) after getting rid of Verizon (for which I was paying $50.00 a month).	1
Although I could go on and on about how Skype has changed my life forever, I will try to address the issue at hand, and that is the Polycom Communicator.  Basically I love the concept of the Polycom Communicator!  When I first started using Skype I used a USB headset that works great.  The problem is that it is a serious PITA to put the thing on when someone calls because I have to either a. Try to untangle the cord before accepting the skype connection, or b. answer the skype connection then try to untangle the cord.  If I chose option a. envariably I would miss half the calls, if I chose option b. everyone would always comment that I sounded so desheveled when I tried to answer the call.  Well, now with the new Polycom communicator all I have to do is answer the call.	1
Well, actually I bought this nice cable, at Amazon Marketplace great offering that it was, for an HDTV Tuner, which bombed in my neighborhood. So, I never did get to unpack the cable. But it's in the closet, and it knows it's a good cable. Great cable, @ great price, thru Amazon	1
I'm a Creative fan so these are the first Logitech speakers I ever bought and I was pleasantly surprised. I was looking for a set of speakers for my laptop but since the portable models are more expensive (and probably will not sound as good since being portable means no sub-woofer) I decided for this not-as-portable model.	1
I bought one of these to replace the standard 32MB card that came with my camera. Wow, now I can store a ton of pictures. The price on the EP Memory cards are awesome too	1
I have the Quest 2, but I've heard that this also fits the Quest. I bought it because, while my Dell laptop backpack is well padded, I wanted to make sure that my Quest 2 GPS was protected "just in case". This case fits perfectly, literally like a glove. When I got it, I was sceptical; it looked to small, but I was wrong; the dimensions are perfect. And there is more than enough padding to protect the GPS from harm, yet it is small enough to stick in a jacket pocket, which I sometimes have to (late day meetings where I leave my backpack at work). All in all, it's another great product from Garmin	1
I have been using these fans for the stalls in our horse barn for years. It keeps the flies away and cools down the whole barn. The barn is dusty and the fans collect a lot of dirt. I wash them down each year and they are like new. The fans I have now are on their third barn year. In a normal house I'm sure they would last forever. They are a little noisy, but the horses don't care	1
I purchased this dashmount so I could swap the GPS between vehicles without having to install a permanent mount.  I don't know what the "feet" of the base is made of, but it is basically like a rubber version of a lead blanket - it is heavy yet is very pliable.  This is useful since my dash (a 2004 F-250) has an uneven surface.  I can press and mold the feet to put the base in a certain position and under most circumstances it'll stay there.  Occasionally, on long or "bouncy" trips, it'll creep out of position a couple inches and I'll have to move it back.  I've seen some comments complaining of that - but I don't see it as a problem since common sense says it won't stay perfectly still since it isn't bolted in place.  Overall this mount has worked very well.	1
I got the dash mount because a friend recommended it.  I thought the windshield mount worked fine except it was difficult to remove from the windshield.  I felt like I should remove it each time I parked somewhere.  Also, there was a fair amount of vibration since it usually was dangling. The dash mount is very heavy and flexible enough to "mold" to fit the surface of the dash.  However, it kept slipping off the surface of my Toyota Avalon until I found a little sticky pad to put it on.  That solved that problem.  Anyway, it is very easy to move it to the floorboard and cover it up when I stop, thus effectively hiding it from the temtation of a robber	1
This is my first HOTAS, but I did a good bit of research.  It is very easy to set up, and the SST Programming is very helpful setting the shift key.  The joystick is easy to move, which is nice in a close dogfight.  I am very glad that I bought this HOTAS, because I have had NO problems with it.  I highly recommend this system to anyone	1
...for a surge protector.  But as far as I can tell, it's doing its job.  Plus it looks kind of neat	1
We bought this drum set for our 2 year old who is obsessed with the concept of drumming & marching.  This is a first class set and as noted is almost too nice.  This is a huge step above the tupperware and pan lids our little guy used to use for his personal parades.  The drum is a bit heavy,large, cumbersonme for a two year old and of course is LOUD.  The cymbals are also loud but do have a professional sound quality. Do recommend this purchase. It does come a bit steep at $30 but is a very nice looking and performing set.  If you little one gets hooked on drumming via the pots and pans, spoil him/her with this first-class set that they should be able to use well into their childhood	1
I found this as the perfect solution to fill in some dead airt space in my house downstairs given the internet connection is upstairs and so far, other wireless solutions have been marginal. I really wondered if the Ethernet over powerlines would really work or if the 802.11G would really work.	1
I have had no problems with my Mini Cruzer USB flash drive. It has been recognized without exception by multiple computers and has performed flawlessly	1
I actually bought this for a friend of my mine. He says 'Sony Never Disappoints'	1
If you've got a Treo 650, You Don't Need A GPS Device.  Simple as that.  The smaller-than-a-small-filet-mignon gps device talks via bluetooth to your 650, which attaches to your windshield via a well-engineered holster.  The charger charges 'em both, or not, as you see fit.  The instructions are clear and to the point.  The installation instructions are slightly out of date - you don't need a card reader to make it happen, after all - and the user experience is, in my case, outstanding.  If you've got a 650 and you ever drive somewhere unfamiliar, BUY IT	1
When I purchased this product a couple weeks ago I wanted to make sure this purchase was worthwhile.  I studied many other speaker stands and it just didn't seem I would have been getting the same quality.	1
I have this drive and been sucessfully using it with Backup on my Mac. I would recomend it for off line storag	1
just enough space to save video, photo, music etc... all your files in one place and also is compatible with mac... i love it.	1
Look around in your local electronics stores and you'll find either HUGELY expensive players or single tape units.	1
After having used CRTs roughly the size of small cars for my entire life, I finally jumped on the LCD-flatscreen bandwagon. This Acer 19" LCD makes me happy I did!	1
Monster has went over the top on this THX component video cable. Instantly noticed a superior picture	1
e'nuf said - Epson always leads the way with printers and papers.  You can't go wrong!!!	1
I have bought 2 packages of them, 100 sheet each. Quite satisfied.	1
I bought this paper after my mom gave me a box of Epson 8.5x11 paper she didn't need.  I was really impressed by the quality of the pictures rendered on that paper by my printer.  When the paper ran out I looked for an economical replacement and found the price of most photo papers to be prohibitive - on the order of 40 cents per page.  Since you can only get 2 4x6 pics from a letter-sized sheet of paper, that comes to about 20 cents per print, not counting the cost of ink.  Finally I stumbled upon this paper - Epson S041727 - and the price per print was around 12 cents, which rivals the cheapest Internet photo printing services I've found.	1
Hands down Epson Paper is the best photo paper on the market.	1
This adapter is functional, is easy to use, enables continued use of backlight, and saves the batteries for walking with the eMap after arriving in a strange town. When I want to connect other media while driving with my  family, I use a 12v 3-Outlet Car Power Adapter. Despite another wire, it's a worthwhile accessory	1
I have no complaints about this flash drive.  It does what it should, is easy to use, has enough storage to backup all my digital pics from my hard drive (so far!), and is not expensive.	1
Yup... They connect my cable modem to my router, and my router to my computers. They transmit data back and forth. So far they have failed to burst into flames or snap off and poke me in the eye. So go patch cables (yay).	1
I love it but its been a battle trying to get used to the sensetivity and pressure of holding the pen. I'm glad I bought it but it is something I cannot use all the time	1
This has helped me significantly in drawing in the computer, for programs such as Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop and Macromedia Flash. Drawing with a mouse is like drawing with a brick - so buy this piece of equipment if you need to draw in the computer!	1
I bought this to illuminate the keyboard on my 12" Apple Powerbook when I work in the dark.  It works well, and shines impressively bright and wide.  I even use it to read by simply sitting it on its back on my lap as I read in bed and pointing the lamp at my book.  It's too bad the lamp's arm isn't telescopic or it'd make for a perfectly good clip-on booklight right out of the box.	1
...to really take advandage of this. Installation was super easy, although I ran into the TI thing like another reviewer. Oh well. Not much more I can say about this product; it works and that's all that really matters	1
I found this device to be relatively easy and comfortable to use (one-handed, no less), and accurate to within 15' +/- under tree cover of greater than 90% mature alder and fir - once locked onto satellites under clearer overhead conditions in Seattle WA and using an external Gilsson antenna mounted atop a hat.  Satellite aquisition under the trees did not happen the few times I tried.  The display is excellent under sunny conditions.  Downloading waypoint data into a text file was simple.  I haven't used it yet under driving conditions, so I can't speak to using related features.  Were it damaged or stolen, I'd buy another one without hesitation	1
There are so many times where the actual ink, can be the difference between a good copy, and a not-so-good copy on paper. With HP black ink cartridge #21, it is very convient, and easy to setup into your HP deskjet 3930 series printer. This cartridge is very inexpensive, and affordable for HP printers. I think of it as a must for your HP printers. While there are cartridges that are difficult to open, and install into your printers, this one installs in a snap. I really recommend this for my new HP printer, and so will you if you own a HP printer for this ink as well.	1
It works with all my devices, it has several outputs for your different devices, no complain with it...	1
So far it has been terrific. Radio and downloads are easy to sort out and use.	1
Let's just say I am 39 and holding and have wanted an MP3 for years. My birthday was last week and I bought myslef the pink 4GB Nano. It is easy to use, but I have to agree it takes some time on itunes to import CD's, the ipod updates fast but the CD import is slow. The sound quality is good. I like that it is small and lightweight. The screen is bright and easy to read...even with not so young eyes. I looked at other brands but am glad I went with the leader. I didn't need or want to watch movies on a tiny screen...just tunes. I'm sure 1000 songs will hold me.	1
I had been storing my music on a 2GB card in my palm pilot. I was having a lot of trouble transferring the music, with many errors, not to mention how long it took to transfer. I finally decided to get an MP3 player. A friend kept telling me about the Sandisk Sanso. There were some great features, but the bad far, far outweighed the good. Too many of the same problems over and over, and many people returning them.	1
Well the most important thing about buying ink and toner for your printer is price, and Amazon.com has beaten every on-line price I have seen. As for the toner itself, Hewlett Packard toner is top. I buy this product for two  reasons, 1. It's what fits in my printer, and 2. I know when I buy the  C3906A, I am getting what I payed for, a quality cartrige that lasts. One  last note, twords the end of the cartrige life, a small line appears in the  content of my page letting me know its allmost time for a new one. simply  shake the cartrige, reorder, and by the time the new one arrives, the old  one is finished	1
I'm not much of a techie.  But, I do have lots of documents and pictures that I can't bear to lose should my computer decide to konk out one day.	1
I ordered the apple ipod shuffle sport case because I wanted something to protect my ipod from the elements and just general bumping and scraping.  It works great, and you can use your ipod without taking it out of the case.  I haven't taken my ipod out of the case except to charge it, or to change my playlist.  It's a "must have item"  for anyone with an ipod shuffle	1
After reading the Dec. '04 review in Computer Pilot I ordered it. Fine tuning is a bit involved but repetition makes the curve easier. Configuring from one a/c type throttle to another is easy with the downloadable manager from CH prod. Compared to the GoFlight modular system this is great value. Unless $$ is no object and you're not interested in building a home cockpit, the CH line of av-sim controls is well suited to the aspiring and advaced flt. simmer	1
I have had my Pocket PC for quite some time now, and I love the convenience that it offers.	1
I found out the way to copy photos from my CompactFlash card onto the iPAQ. It's not hard but more complex than necessary. I also found out how to send the iPAQ in to have its screen replaced. A hassle. Its screen and/or stylus should work together so they don't produce scratches in the first place	1
Excellent service, five days is all I had to wait and saved a lot of money. Couldn't be happier.	1
I also ordered the Antec SX-1030 (which has yet to be shipped! arrgghh!!). According to Antec, the 1030 includes 2 fans, but has space for 2 more, which is where this one comes in! For those of you wondering what size "small" is, it's an 80mm fan. Good airflow (don't know actual CFM) and pretty quiet	1
I'm a D-Link refugee and this card has been just great. My home connection has been very good, I'm in a basement and have no idea where the router is!	1
I had originally bought a Linksys, without doing any research beforehand... thinking all routers were more or less equal... oops! Hardware was poor, the interface was wonky, customer service was a joke. I was re-booting it every few minutes under moderate usage, because it keep dropping my DSL connection or completely locking up. I just replaced it with a DGL-4300 based on all the positive reviews, and have been very happy so far. I don't need or use any of the advanced features for gaming; but already I've been very impressed with the DGL-4300 since it hasn't dropped any connections since I bought it last week. You get what you pay for	1
I don't get why other mounts cost twice as much.  I bought this to hang my 42" Panasonic and it is great.  Can someone tell me why the Omnimount costs so much more?  I don't see any "functionality" differences.  And with the Mustang Tilt mount, I have been tilting it at least 10 times for either adjustments or disconnecting/reconnecting cables...It is so simple	1
I got this phone about 1 month ago and I like all the features of the phone,Volume control ,Caller ID,Large display window and you can add up to 10 more hand set	1
Handy traveler accessory. Retractable USB cord very nice. Had a small problem with Moto adapter, one of the locking pins would not release. Was able to get release wire reseated under release button and all working fine now	1
I found this on clearance at another retailer (I guess not everyone likes pink), and it's fabulous.  I thought it might be just for skinny-armed people, but not so!  I've got plenty of room, it fits great, and it doesn't move.  Still looking for a solution to keep the earbud cord out of the way, though.  Makes mowing the lawn WAY more fun	1
I have been a Dj for a almost 5 years, and this are the best headphones I've ever had. The H250 headphones are light, confortable, and great acustic properties. It is true that the bass is a little loud, but thats exactly what you need if you're playing in loud and crowded clubs	1
When i first came across this particular microphone i had my doubts. Considering the price of it i just couldn't see it holding up for what i wanted to do. to my surprise this mic exceeded my expectations. For recording vocals this mic is amazing. a real professional sound for a extremely low price. i definitely recommend this mic to anyone out there looking for an in expensive way to make professional sounding material	1
I have some decent mics in my cabinet, as well as a nice preamp, A/D converter and fire wire interface for my home multitracking setup.  I wasn't expecting as good or better quality than I can already get, but I hoped the Samson C01B USB Studio Condenser would at least give me a decent sound.  The idea was to have freedom and portablility that my studio set up prohibits.  I was not disappointed.  Installation was no more complicated that plugging the cable into a USB port on my laptop running XP and the other end into the mic.  It is far from the best mic I have, but it is certainly not the worst.  I have read reviews that say the recording quality is too thin, but I found that not to be the case.  The noise floor when recording with the Samson is a little high, and it is lacking in headroom compared to any traditional mic through my Millenia preamp.   I have to record at slightly lower levels than I am used to, but for $79, I am not complaining.  There is no significant latency recording 16 bits at 44100hz in Fasoft N-Track Studio.  The ability to plug this thing in and record at a whim is quite liberating.  Way to go, Samson	1
Couldn't get any SW stations, but AM and FM worked great and the hand crank charged up the cell phone, after a lot of cranking	1
No problems so far; does its job.(if you are setting up a wireless network, get windows XP. 1 click and you're set up.	1
I bought this to scare away the opossums that come into my back porch at night. I used a 3 prong adapter with this to plug in a lamp and a radio.	1
Product-wise, the card has worked fine, but then memory cards generally either work or they don't.  Product was shipped in a timely manner, and the price was reasonable	1
Originally purchased to supplement & provide a tangle free connection to	1
very good case for the price.  Actually looks more expensive.  Can't go wrong	1
I wanted a case that was small, slim, and just carried the laptop.  Perfect!  I have a briefcase for files.  I didn't need anything bulky.  This case was exactly what I was looking for, for the right price.  I have a new Gateway Tablet P.C. and with the larger battery and battery placement, this is a snug fit, but at least I know the computer isn't loose inside.  I really like this case	1
Cuando compr  una Toshiba Satellite M105 con pantalla de 14", eleg  este maletin porque lei que sus dimensiones se ajustaban al equipo. El interior est  forrado y cuenta con las divisiones suficientes para llevar el cargador y los cables de poder de la notebook. Asimismo puedo incluir  documentos, mouse y otros accesorios. El asa es c moda y la correa incluida es ancha y ajustable al largo que uno desee. Estoy satisfecho con esta compra	1
The 6500B was the last one I tried of three.  I've had cordless Panasonic phones break too often in the past so was reluctant to buy one again.  But the other choices had major drawbacks.  I really needed a two-line phone that wasn't 2.4Ghz.	1
I love my new Monster FM Transmitter! It's very easy to use and the reception is great	1
Besides all opion regarding this new calculator, I would like to say, it is very nice, good design, options, features, a huge screen and modern color. So far, I haven't navigate deep inside it, it is not similar as 48GX, so you've got to expend some time to know how to use it. I bought it since there is not a better calculator than this (48GX is UNIQUE but obsolete	1
Easy to install, gret price and now I have surround sound on my PC. woowho	1
I thought I was going to have to try to track down some headphones for kids until I ran across these!  They are super comfortable and seem to block the world out.  I've been using them for about 3 months now and couldn't be happier eventhough I've got a healthy dose of ear wax building up on them	1
This isn't my first mp3 player. I have a couple of the years and since my last one died I was looking for a quick, cheap replacement. I also needed a flash drive for work. Don't underestimate this, if you use the net at a library or cafe then you'll realize that 1. not all players/drives are recognized as drives and/or 2. you've got to carry an extra cord with you to plug into the usb port, which gets annoying quickly. when you clean out your purse and discover you don't have it with you. With this you get both in one. It has a built in usb port which is recognized fine in most operating systems, even win98. The sound quality is good, I can't tell the difference between this and my $100.00 player. The controls do take a few seconds to get used to, but once I did I find I preferred them. They are easy to use one-handed.	1
I decided to purchase this item because I needed to get SD memory for my g/friends digital camera, so I chose this one because of the price and the brand. SanDisk is known for their memory. Well, no need to say more, this thing works great. I will buy another one but with more space anyday. Thanks alot San Disk	1
just got this one at sears, and was only $20 so i grabbed it. the Canon A400 i have only came with 16mb so i needed more space. the 128 is much faster and easy to format than my old one. love it!!! go out and buy one today! GET SANDISK NOT LEXAR, THEY BREAK ALL THE TIME!!!!!	1
How many pictures will it store?  It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about.  Well, considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.	1
If you buy this service plan, print out the contract (found at the top of this page) and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since I nearly got it.	1
There is absolutely nothing that we don't like about these Panasonic phones.  The sound quality is excellent as is the range.  Very happy customers	1
I have had mine for a week. I had a non mapping garmin gps 12 for years, which was misplaced. I bought the navigation kit at the same time I ordered a 60 CS. It makes what I bought for backpacking usable as a car navigation tool both in the city and out in the boonies. I had no problems loading software and maps, upload or download from/to my gps.	1
Three months later, I'm still amazed at how cheap this amazing piece of hardware was. Granted, it doesn't vibrate, nor have a zillion buttons, but it definitely performs admirably. It is comfortable and the buttons respond well. The unit feels well-built, and connects to the computer easily via USB. And as a bonus, it looks pretty too. :	1
I bought this based on the overall positive reviews.  Good sound quality, and a comfortable fit.  I didn't find them to be too tight at all.  For a low-end pair of headphones, I think they're pretty impressive	1
The cups of these heaphone are a little small and they do fit snuggly on my head but after stretching them out a bit I must say they are very comfortable. If you dont like them at first wear them for a while, they will grow on you.	1
If you went to circuit city, you would see this is $30 there. Here its only 8.99! With fast shipping I only paid about $16 total, half the price of circuit city. Those type of stores (best buy, circuit city, compusa) are a total ripoff when it comes to these cables. Buy from Amazon.com (eektech will ship) and you save lots of $$. Thanks eek for great service	1
Works great, good quality from Belkin as usual. Hard to beat for the money	1
I'm using the product as I respond to this request for a review.  Sufficiently compact for ease of packing in my laptop case.  No technical issues (so far).  Tracking is excellent.  Has worked flawlessly under daily working conditions.  Recommend highly	1
This mouse works perfectly fast and easy without problems even if you don't install the software.	1
As the title states, this is an excellent wireless mouse.  Works right away with Windows XP, no driver install or software needed for two-button and normal scroll capabilities.  Software allows for extra button assignment, but could use some work.  I have had some trouble finding the menus I want when I want to find them.  For example, I have an issue where I cannot find the extra button assignment menu after plugging in the USB receiver after a system start-up, however I am able to find those menus in the software if I remove and reinsert the receiver.	1
The V200 is another great Logitech product. It is far from the king of the mouse, but when it comes to the notebook it doesn't get much better than this. It takes two AA batteries (so get some rechargeable batteries to save on costs) which slide into the top of the mouse by pulling back on the palm rest to reveal two slots. The mouse doesn't weigh too much heavier than the two mouse batteries themselves. This is a two button mouse with a tilt wheel. With the setpoint software you can alter what the buttons do. Overall the design is good. There could be a problem installing setpoint. It may hang on install. If so you need to use the task manager to quit the install and then try it again. It should work. The USB receiver is 2.4 GHz and has a 10 Meter range. Wow. However there is one major problem with a wireless mouse for a notebook. USB dongles and receivers that are plugged into the side of the laptop are just begging to be snapped off. For this reason you should have the USB receiver on the side opposite the mouse hand, if you can, to avoid accidental contact. It should also not be hanging over the edge of the table. If you press it down lightly, then that is it, game over for the receiver and you will have to get a new 2.4 GHz receiver. So okay you will have to spend on a new receiver, if you break the old one. The receiver plugs into a small slot under the mouse using a magnet. When it is in the holder the mouse turns off. It doesn't fit in smoothly. It creates a block shape in the bottom of the mouse. Anyway you are not going to be using it when it is clipped in. The other thing is that it can pop out sometimes. Just happens if the mouse just gets knocked a certain way. I am sure most notebook users are cautious with their notebooks and devices. If you are then a mouse like this and USB should last for a very long time. There is really nothing wrong with it. Wireless mini mouse. FAB! However there is one last thing to say. If you don't like the idea of a USB receiver then GET A BLUETOOTH VERSION OF THIS MOUSE INSTEAD. It is called the V270. That is if your notebook has internal Bluetooth or else you will need to get a Bluetooth USB receiver and be in the same boat when it comes to watching your USB receivers. But if you have a Bluetooth internal receiver with your notebook then by all means head over to the V270 and forget about this USB option. The USB design isn't a fault with the mouse; it is just a fault with all notebooks that is not really a fault. You just got to switch to internal Bluetooth or learn to take care of your receivers.	1
When I purchased this product I was a little sceptical, however, once I unpacked it and started using it, it was so absolutely easy to use, and the pictures have such a fine quality, and you can insert 4 different sizes of memory cards in addition to computer connection.  So, I see it as a win/win product.  The only draw back is the weight and size. I just do not regret this purchase with the price an added bonus as wel	1
First and foremost--I am not an audiophile, so I can't comment with any authority on the quality of the headphones themselves.  They are fine for me and my listening habits--I find myself increasingly listening to podcasts when commuting via bus for which these headphones are perfectly fine, although when I do listen to my music the bass and treble response seems fine to me.	1
It's been through the wringer, and has had no problems after about a year. I came here looking for a replacement cap, but can't find one on Amazon	1
I downloaded the driver from Trendnet's website before installing the adapter. I did not encounter any problems at all, including the issue that some users had with it disconnecting when they plugged in another USB device	1
The Sennheiser HD600s have only one thing wrong with them: they'll change you from someone who enjoys good audio... into an audiophile! I've been known as a videophile for many years over on one of the top AV forums, but I've always been satisfied with merely "decent" audio.  Until now.	1
Having been a buyer of Sennheiser products for over 10 years, I feel it is time I endorse a product I truly believe in, and have never been let down by. Including service and customer satisfaction.	1
I just purchased one of these and was a little sceptical after reading some of the reviews that stated how difficult it was to load the information into the unit. I had no problem at all. In fact it was quite simple. I am truly amazed at how acurate and easy to use this unit is. For the price, you can't beat it	1
I bought the Transcend 1 GByte card for my PDA. My Axim x51v immediately recognized it and is working flawless for the past few weeks. I am planning to get the 4GB model too which is currently retailing for $90 to $110 elsewhere.	1
I was mislead with Amazon review which said it supports conversion to MP3 format with the software supplied, it does not. The help quite clearly states "You cannot convert a file into an MP3 file". It will convert to .wav then you can use a 3rd party program to go to MP3.	1
This is the same cartridge I can purchase elsewhere, but cheaper.  It works well in our printer with no issues whatsoever and my HP printer prints fantastic photos when I use HP ink and HP premium photo paper	1
No complaints - I'm pleased with the quality and price	1
Before I bought this device, I was trying to enjoy the "Hearts of Space" website, "This American Life" and other NPR shows available for online streaming.  Only problem was, I didn't like being shackled to my computer in order to hear them.   I did some research on the internet, read a lot of reviews and ultimately decided on the Logitech Wireless Music System.  I would like to echo all the positive comments recorded here.	1
The HP12C has been an essential in my personal productivity tool kit for over 20 years. I bought my first one when I was a consultant and it lasted until August 2006. It withstood all the travel and constant use well. I use it for simple and complex math; statistical analysis and financial analysis. It is much faster and simpler to operate than a PC. My new one has all the same great features. I highly recommend this for someone who is frequently required to perform mathematical and financial analysis.	1
I bought this mouse and have used it for over a year now. The nice part about this mouse is the range and the fact that when it works, it works beautifully. When it doesn't work, it is erratic and locks up. Turn it on and off and while the LED will light up, it will still not work well. This is the hint that the battery is low. The mouse comes with two rechargable NiMH AAA batteries. These are 650mAh batteries and are not the best. I bought 4 1000mAh AccuPower NiMH batteries. I keep 2 in the charger. These batteries work great and when fully charged will give me a month of use at about 8 hours a day. But as soon the mouse starts to get erratic, you have to swap the batteries. Do this and you will really like this mouse.	1
This is a great printer.  I have used it several times and it makes great pictures.  I had some pictures taken at a low resolution and the print still turned out looking great.  Tried this on a regular printer and the print didn't look near as great.  A great feature is proof sheet print of the pictures you have.  You can also add a border to your pictures which makes things nice for postcards.	1
The camers is good in picture quality and easy to install and use. It's multi utility for desktop and notepad is a very good feature which I personally expected. I have a complete satisfaction	1
Although the rear speakers need a power plug, this system solved my problem of being unable to run a signal wire to the back speakers from the front. The sound is OK, not awesome, but not bad. Better than the TV speakers by a long shot. They can also be nicely controlled with my Harmony remote	1
very good, worth the money. If you want a louder one, go for Z 535	1
Never been game player much since pong-Purhcased BF2 last December for the PC and loved it. Flying was limited though-util I purchased my G7 from NE and have been enjoying MUCHO fast speeds, easily adjusted, and for internet parusing it has a built in back button. Have to change out battery every two days but gives plenty of warning and is always charged when I need to replace. Absolutely the best mouse I have ever owned.	1
I love this keyboard.	1
I have been into MP3s since 1996 - I used winplay, and l3enc, and thought it was the most amazing thing ever.  I bought one of the first CD based MP3 players, and then a Nomad Jukebox with a whopping 6 gig hard disk... next was the 10 gig model, and then I upgraded to the Nomad Zen 20gig with USB 2.0.  The Zen went with me everywhere - Africa, Europe, My living room.	1
This is my first time ever buying a really expensive MP3 player.  I bought it three weeks ago.  If I hadn't seen the Creative Zen Vision:M, I probably would have bought the Sandisk Sansa E260.  I love being able to bring my cartoon/tv shows over to a friends house so we can watch them on the tv.  There is one problem I've had with it.  I'm not sure if anyone else has had this, but there is some slight static noise that happens once in a while when I'm listening to music.  I don't think it's the MP3s, because I've never ran into the problem with my other MP3 players.  If only they would've added the video cable for the TV and kept the charger, then I would've rated it a 5	1
Bought this DVD player 4 days ago and have enjoyed it ever since.  It has many features and a good picture. You can't beat the large screen. I like the zoom feature especially. Another feature I like is that the battery fits flush with the dvd player in back so that you don't have a bulky protrusion when it's attached.The sound is not loud as others have said but I have yet to find a portable DVD player that has good sound.  You'll have to use external speakers or ear phones(included). Another thing I notice is that DVD-RW or DVD+/- R are not supported. They play but the menu system does not work. You have to access the file manually. That being said I cannot find this size dvd player anywhere else for less than $299.  The shipping was fast and free.  There is a stamp on the manual stating that the unit is sold "as-is" but the unit I got was brand new and not refurbished. So far so good.  I don't thonk you will be disappointed	1
I have been using this card for last 6 months, no problem so far. Rebate takes some time to arrive	1
I was really pushing the limits of my mid-range Monster surge protector with 2 TVs, a 2.4Gig P4 with desktop TV, DSL, two printers, and .....drumroll please.....a fridge all crammmed into a  corner office setup about 7' wide. The Belkin Gold unit with RF/EMI suppression up to 75db cured all the rattle and hum problems with speakers, satellite signal, the "dirty" line into my modem, and a week later I haven't had to reboot my system once. Amazing!	1
I bought this recorder to use as backup for real-time event video recording.  I have also used it concert settings.  The record quality is astounding, full range of dynamics, using both the stereo mini-plug input and the 1/4" inputs.  It is mostly being used now to plug into sound boards to record long event audio.  First thing I did was to upgrade to a 4GB Compactflash card.  The provided card is too limited.	1
I am glad I bought this backpack. It exceeded all my expectations. I strongly recommend this one	1
+Built very sturdy, with no flimsy plastic parts	1
I got this less robust remote because I only wanted to use it on one system. And I was able to set it up and program all the different buttons, and it all fits nicely in my hand. They have great customer support available on the weekends. The best part is everything goes on and off with one button!	1
I must say Moster XP speaker wire makes a huge sound inprovement on mt 6.1 home theater setup my side and rear channels are so clear and crisp .	1
I am a soldier serving in Iraq.  I bought an Ipod while deployed and figured it would get ruined by the dirt, dust and my combat duties.  I was fortunate to find the iSkin Eclipse.  It is perfect for this environment.  It completely encases the ipod to protect it from dirt and dust.  It also has a hard exterior faceplate the protects the ipod from damage.	1
It helps proteck your ipod veary well. I already broke one ipod some how but with this case it well never happen agai	1
Ok, so I upgraded form a 30 inch LCD to a 50" Plasma screen, all the sales guys kept trying to get me to buy a power center.  I came home did some research and chose this one, if it didn't improve sound or picture at least i knew that the equipment was protected from power surges.	1
Needed better protection than my $10 surge protector for my HT setup now that I have a couple DVRs & a plasma.  Filtering would be a nice side benefit too.  Very little $$ more than the power-strip design units I was looking at (& now I see it dropped even lower!).	1
Actually 4 and a half stars...I borrowed one of these Logic3 amplified Ipod speaker systems for a weekend camping trip and was impressed with the sound and portability. I decided to buy one of my own after looked at several other makes and models all of which were more money. Plenty of connectivity along with base adapters to hold most Ipod models securely. The little subwoofer and 'ambiance' switch make decent sound even at non-annoyingly low volume levels. Close to being a steal at the $59.00 I paid for i	1
Excellent sound from phones and microphone. Comfortable on head and ears. Plenty of cable. On cable controls are handy.	1
I was looking for something suitable to house my sansa, and this fit the bill better than most. The leather case is superb, looking sharp, snug and protective. I enjoy the fact you can still easily access the buttons and menus through it. Both the leather case and the larger case have an atachee on the back, if you wished to connect them to the cord that comes with it. The cleaning cloth works as well as any lense cloth, great for cleaning. The screen protector is a pain in the rear to apply without bubbles, still haven't figured out how yet, and I may trim it to make it more visually appealing. But, really, if you invest in a product such as this, it really makes sense to protect the easily scratched screen! The larger case is compact and protective, having a small storage area, yet the cover is a bit unsightly because of the cheap, generic looking Sansa logo. Only other complaint is that the leather case goes on a belt, but not as a removable type. Only if you put it on when putting on the belt, which can be impractical in some circumstances. This way, I suppose, it wouldn't be able to fall off	1
I wasnt sure how these Iron-Ons would work since one of the ratings on them was negative. But I just did a practice iron-on on my daughters shirts. It was so easy and they peeled off very well. My girls love their shirts with their own pictures on them. These are a great buy and worth their money	1
While thinking of ideas for my church's 75th anniversary celebration, I  decided to make T-shirts and sweatshirts using iron-on transfers and my ink  jet printer. I chose the "invent it!" brand from Hammermill  papers because it was the most cost-effective (cheapest). I created the  design on my computer and tried it out on the transfer paper. The results  were outstanding for a do-it-yourself project. I followed the instructions  included with the transfers and it was a piece of cake. One thing that I  did find out - keep the transfers dry after they have been printed. One got  wet in the rain and it spotted very badly wherever a rain drop came in  contact. This product also does a very good job in black and white, not  just in color. The shirts that I did, laundered according to the  instructions, came out of the wash lookin' good. I won't hesitate to use  this product again in the future. However, I am now having trouble buying  it locally, since my previous source no longer handles this product	1
We purchased the YSP-1 in August as a companion to our Hitachi Ultravision wall-mounted television.  What a fabulous piece of audio equipment!	1
You bought the IPOD Nano basically for its looks.  Buy this for the same reason.  Its so cute and fits your Nano exactly as you wish.  I bought an item from another company and though it was cheaper, it looked dirty on my computer table.  This one has the "Apple" look	1
I chose these by reading other reviews on Amazon.  I am pleased with them and recommend them. Good sound, light weight.  The best feature is that they do NOT leak sound yet you can still hear loud noises around you.  This is perfect for an ipod-using NYC subway rider.   Don't want to annoy others by leaking sound, but you have to be able to hear if there is exterior noise, at least enough to know to turn down the sound and find out what's going on.	1
These ear buds are great for people with small ears.  I've tried several and these are by far the best.  It comes with 3 sizes of buds and the smallest work best for me	1
This is a terrific phone.  It has a ton of great features and the three handsets is very convenient.  This is the only phone that I use now.  I only keep one analog phone for power outages.  If you're looking to clean up a little bit of phone clutter this is a great way to do it	1
We are very satisfied with our purchase.  This phone system is great and very easy to use.  Super clarity, volume, etc.  Also, super fast shipping from Amazon.  I chose Super Saver shipping and it arrived in less than 24 hours	1
I saw the other reviews and was hoping I would have the same experience as the happy reviewers. Well, I got the cam and it was easy to install like they say. It just takes a little tinkering, with the PC options before you use it. With the mic and software it comes with, you get a lot for your money! If I bought a cam in the store, I would have been mad to lose out on this PC camera. It is SWEET	1
ok mimo is becomming popular ....i dont give a darn.	1
This extension cord did what it was supposed to do and did it just fine.  No problems whatsoever	1
As soon as I bought this from Amazon, the price went up from $21 to $ 37.  I was going to buy another one, but the price is too high.  Overall, this is a great product it has everything you need.	1
work fine with my hp pavillion zd7050. increase the performance of my laptop	1
I tried all the rubber vinyl plugs that came with the E3C's, but they all had the shortcoming of not effectively sealing the ear canal making bass very poor, and they were uncomfortable.  The yellow foam plugs are easy to use and work just like the ear foams many people use in industrial applications.  They effectively seal the ear canal and are very comfortable.  Although they seem a bit expensive I've found that once they get dirty you can use water and a bit of dish detergent to clean them.  Just soak, squeeze, rinse and let them air dry and they are as good as new.  You can do this three or four times, then just toss them away.	1
Once THE speaker of choice for every hard rockin' audiophile with a big enough garage, Klipsch fell off the landscape for a while after being sold to a corporate conglomerate that didn't know the real value of what they'd bought.  But after another buyout by a small group of genuine audiophiles, Klipsch is back on top, from a sound quality standpoint -- and it shows in the ProMedia 2.1 THX.	1
This splitter was set-up as part of a configuration that splits one line from the street into three and then into sixteen ports and a line to the cable modem for a fraternity house. I used this brand of splitters and a moterola amplifier all the way through, and the results were amazing. The picture quality is crystal clear, even when almost all of the ports are in use, and the internet is blazing fast. Compared to the set-up we used to have, with some cheap splitters and a radio shack amplifier, these pieces are WELL WORTH THE SMALL EXTRA COST	1
These cables are super with my new DVD player. There is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment. The picture is soo clear, and vivid. The cables themselves are really made well, they could hold up 100 pounds of weight no doubt. If you get these Monster cables you won't be sorry	1
I previously had a 2.1 sound system for my computer, that were pretty good a few years ago when I bought them.  When I decided to replace them with these I was rather happy with my choice.  The sound is extremely clear and crisp, whether it be music or games, and I am very pleased with them.  The only downside to them is how many extra cords there are behind my desk, but you have to expect that with a 5.1 sound system	1
I am glad I bought this backpack. It exceeded all my expectations. I strongly recommend this one	1
These are really great. Super noise cancelling. Affordable. They cover my ears completely without problem. At first, the headset was a bit tight, so I stretched the top headband upwards a little to relax or slightly loosen it. No more problem, while still having a snug fit. These headphones also fold up very compact, have two plug adapters and a nice durable sack for storage.	1
I am happy with my purchase.  I only bought it because I don't like the idea of going deaf listening to loud music through earphones.  I would not use this product to entertain at a party, but it serves my needs	1
On a recent trip, I was 23 hours in transit and couldn't have made it without this little device. It powered my movies and TV shows for at least 12 hours or so without a flicker. I was worried that the four AA batteries would make it heavy to carry but it didn't matter when the device was sitting on my tray table. Besides, it was comforting to know that AA batteries are ubiquitous throughout the world. By the way, I substituted the original batteries with Duracells on the advice of previous reviewers	1
I bought this battery pack for a 10 day trip to Italy and I am very happy with it. I never had to change my batteries once and I listened to it all the time. Reading other people's reviews I threw out the batteries it came with and used different ones and it worked great. The only complaint I have is the suction cups aren't that great. Several times my Ipod came off the suction cups and being on a plane with minimal room and people sitting next to me trying to get my ipod off the floor is not fun.	1
I have seen many reviews about problem with the volume control.  I experienced the same thing until I realized that I mistaken the up & down buttons with the + & - buttons.  The volume works just fine on my wife's old Sony receiver.  The remote is quite nice and it does everything the iPod control could do.  As stated in others' reviews, you can't read the screen from a distance, thus rendering the ability to scroll through the menu with the remote a bit pointless.  However, it would be worse if the remote couldn't scroll through menus.	1
I'm really happy with this purchase. I was worried that it would not work with Rhapsody (which is the media player I use the most), but it proved to work well with it. In fact, it works with all the media player I've thrown at it, including Windows Media Player, MediaLife, RealPlayer, iTunes, Rhapsody, DivX Player, WinDVD, and PowerDVD.	1
It would seem, even to a non-tech, that someone has switched your Uniden mobile/base tech. data around. Secondly, terms such as "standard" mean less than trustworthy when applied to sensitivity and selectivity. Please don't feel I berate these 2 fine products.However as I am a com/tech. I would like the actual bench test measurements for an informed recom/purchases.Also I would like to know If Cobra 1000 or 2000 series are availible as they still have the best selectivity and sensitivity that I have had on my bench yet.Thank Yo	1
Until an accident caused one bud to stop emitting sound, these were my favorite pair of earphones. They were comfortable (I often left them in when I went to sleep), affordable, lightweight, durable, and had good sound quality. I used them with my Sony CFD-V5 boombox, my Oritron OP5034 portable CD player, and my RCA RP2410 MP3-CD player. On all three, bass and detail was great, and there was no distortion at a higher volume. All in all, these earphones were a great value; the only possible downside is a bit of fuzziness in the sound, which I got used to rather quickly and began to prefer over my other earphones (it lent a bit of warmth to the music). I plan to buy another pair in the near future, and I highly recommend that you do so as well	1
Ordering was fast and easy.  Could not detect any inferiority in the cartridges and will order them again	1
I received it today, and it's a monster.  If you've seen one in a store, it looks twice as big on your desk.  Until a few hours ago, I was running two 20" aluminum cinema displays on a PNY 6600GT.  After doing online research about using the 30" display under Windows XP, I found that the "functional" cheap solution being used is in fact the PNY 6600GT (Verto 128MB DDR3 with two DVI connectors).  Considering that the other two most noted solutions, QuadroFX 4000 AGP or Parhelia DL256 PCI, are going for $600+ on ebay, I was willing to give my old beater a try.  Besides, I didn't feel like buying another AGP card with PCIE taking over the world, or sacrificing the only PCI slot in my Shuttle XPC (SB75G2).	1
This screen is great.	1
Outstanding item. Plenty of room to carry dvds. Enough padding to protect the player, but not too bulky	1
I ordered v8 as soon as it was advertised by Garmin but they shipped v7 instead.  Six weeks later I got the v8 update dvd.  My wife and kids had to make due with v7 while in Madrid.  She was pleased with the accuracy and said it enabled her to travel around with confidence.  However, she noted that Madrid was undergoing quite a bit of major road construction and she got stuck in multiple traffic jams on the major highways.  In the end, she would veer away from the major roads and let the unit re-calculate her route.	1
If you understand this product's limits before you buy it, you'll be happy.  It shows topographical contours, rivers and most streams for the entire United States.  In addition to that, it shows roads that were in existance 10-20 years ago.  These major roads are also named.	1
I am very pleased with my purchase of the Envision EN-7100 monitor. It arrived in perfect condition, no dead pixels. I resisted spending the money on a new monitor for a long time, but now I'm glad I made the switch to LCD. The color and clarity is wonderful. Most of all, I love having all this extra space on my desk. For the money, this is a great monitor	1
I just recently bought a Sony DVP-S560D model DVD player to replace my  older, more out of date player. I hooked it up, and to my surprise, it  wasn't any better than my old player as far as quality. Then I purchased  S-Video cables from Monster Video and now the colors are more vibrant, the  picture is in higher-res, and I can see every little detail on the screen.  The picture quality that these S-Video cables produce are surpassed only by  component video cables, which cost many times more the price. If you are  considering buying these cables then just consider that for the price of  only one DVD, you can get better performance and picture quality	1
I wanted to thank amazon for their quick response to my first order not arriving. within a week they sent me another. I have been using it everyday, and have not gotton lost. I install wood flooring in NJ PA NY, works like a charm. I use it with my palm treo 700P.	1
For the most part, I do find HP ink to be the best.  However, every now and then a new ink cartridge is bad. One of the colors doesn't print for some reason.  My opinion is that these ink cartridges are just too expensive to be getting any bad ones	1
I used this card on my Nokia N70 for storing mp3 files. Granted I can't fit my entire music collection on it, but if I wanted to, I'd buy an iPod. This is perfect for listening to my favourite songs on the go, as well as taking pictures and video clips! Highly recommended	1
I purchased this product to use with my Camera. The charging lasts very good time. Would recommend this product to others. Good work Amazon	1
I love sound systems. So when I got my new reciever (Sony STR-DE898/B) I hooked up the new speaker wires with the THX Certified Gold Plated speaker connectors and wow what a difference. I miscalculated how much wire I needed so my rear right speaker does not have the new speaker wire, I can hear a light and day difference in sound quality. Needless to say I'm ordering more to complete the job. The monster fiber optic cable is a must as well. I can hear sounds that I normally couldn't on my old system. I like testing sound with: The Hulk (the scene were he tears up the tanks), Saving Private Ryan (taking the beach), and Open Range (Gunfight at the end of the movie). In all these movies there are small sounds that you can distinctly hear now that I could not before the new wire and connectors. Excellent product	1
This is my first mp3 player so I researched it carefully before making my decision. The gorgeous screen, the wide number of codecs it supports and the 30gb hard drive were all selling points. I'm so glad I bought it. Videos look great on the screen. Some need to be converted over which is a slow process but in general I love it. The built in speaker doesn't do it justice. Even on the included earbuds the sounds quality is amazing. Making playlists with the creative software is very easy. My biggest problem is the lag of accessories for it. No case, no screen protectors out for it. I'd love to see a docking station that lets you record to it as a dvr the way the archos players do. But for the money it looks to me to be a far superior player to the Ipod or the Zune.	1
This adapter can not be used with the Garmin 330	1
A little bouncy while running, but a convenient product.  Fits perfectly around all of my MP3 players (large and small)	1
This is a great phone. Memory is easy to progam. The phone has 3 memory keys for emergenies and 9 additional memory keys for personal numbers. It can be used on a desk or hung on the wall. The only thing I don't like about the phone is the buttons on the handset. However, I knew about this feature before purchasing the phone. I would recommend this phone to anyone who is looking for a good basic phone	1
I did a lot of research on Amazon.com before I finally decided on this mouse.  I wanted to replace my (extremely) small Kensington USB mouse with a retractable cable.  At home, I use a Wacom tablet.  Next month I am traveling abroad, so I wanted a slightly bigger mouse that can handle more frequent use than the Kensington.  Wireless was key for portability.  I also wanted something rechargeable, and I didn't want the USB adapter sticking out.	1
This card has been working great for me so far after over a month of heavy use.	1
I have to admit, I'm a GPS junkie.  I've had a variety of GPS units over the past decade and currently own 3 - the c340 being my latest acquisition for use solely when driving.	1
This paper works excellent in the hp series printers. I have tryed many other makes of Photo paper and they just don't cut it. Some other makes don't dry in a timely manner, others have a dull finish them, some have a red tone. This HP Photo paper allows you to print store developed quality photos from your hp printer. You get what you pay for... This product is worth the money....	1
I've used this card for a while now and i'd say that i like it overall. the power usage is great. the drivers have been vastly improved and now you are able to scan for networks. Those of you who are interested in wardriving should look elsewhere. If you want to use netstumbler or pocketwarrior in windows or kismet and airsnort in linux, either go for the linksys wcf12 (prism based) or lucent orinoco based pcmcia card. if you're looking to run just 802.11b and check email, stream music, browse the web, etc, this card will be perfect plus it'll save you some battery power	1
I am a typical college student, I am not a photgrapher to be or anything, so this digital card was perfect for me. I get about 330 pictures on my second best setting and have never come close to taking that many pictures. I believe this card is great for anyone who is not obessed with taking pictures, or to someone who loads them on quickly. :	1
Easy to use, nice (in appearance), very comfortable (lots of space) and at an excellent price! I highly reccomend it	1
I recommend this product! is an excellent purchase option. Excellent product quality in performance and looks. No product out there in the market looks as good as this one	1
The sound is fine, but the mic is not so good, too much background noise. The headset is quite "loose" but it's ok when you get used to it.	1
These are the only earphones worth buying for your iPod. I tried to get some cheapies after I lost my originals, but they were horrible. These are a little expensicve, but so worth it.	1
I'm using them a lot.Never failed - keeping up to 16x speed	1
High quality disks.  Never a bad burn.  Fast delivery.  Buy this from this selle	1
I opened it, I put it in my PSP and that was it. I had plenty of space on the memory stick and I personally didn't have to do any special formatting I just popped it in and that was it.	1
Easy to install and use but the remote does not have an on/off switch	1
The cd player works well, just wish the random play would work for all of the cd's instead of only one	1
The product is fine however when i ordered i added a gift card to the payment. The gift card was not used and the purchase was paid in full with my credit card. Is my gift card still valid	1
The Microsoft optical wheel mouse is a great product. It is worth every penny of the purchase price. A great value! It is so much better than my old mouse with the ball in it. The optical wheel mouse is much more accurate too. The best purchase I ever made	1
Great quality.  I had a problem initially with XP Media Center compatibilty, but it works now after downloading an update from Logitech's website.  Recently, the sound is cutting out when communicating with my girlfriend across the country.  I think it might just be her interet connection though (we both have the same web cam).  As long as we restart the video call, then the sound comes back.  I am using Windows Live Messenger as the video call program.  I have never used the cartoons that it comes with.  The video quality is very good when recording a video for email	1
The headset works great, comfortable. I just wish they had better sound quality...for instance when playing music	1
I bought these headphones on the recommendation of a friend, and he was sooo right!  The moment when the noice-cancelling algorithm kicks-in on a noisy flight is just sublime. I frequently use them without input, just tuning out the background noise on the aircraft...they even work well on squalling rug-rats a few rows away...	1
This amplifier works as stated.  Increased my modem downstream from -7 to +9.  No obvious loss of noise ratio and upstream signals.  All TV channels are much sharper!  The cables came with the amplifier are two RG59 cable lines.  For minimum loss of broadband signals, I suggest you replace one of them with R6 cable to carry the cable signals.  Use the RG59 for the power supply only	1
If you want very basic capability this is the wireless adapter for you.  Slow but steady and inexpensive	1
I bought this for my Tivo, hooked it up the day it arrived and haven't touched it since.  Great value	1
People buy expensive av cables because of most people would think that more expensive cables will work better and last longer.  I've found that it's more a matter of quality control.  I'll roll the dice with cheap (price) cables untill they fail on me	1
Great cable that works as advertised.  Why spend $80 on a name brand cable which performs no better or no worse.  Connected a third gen Mot 6412 DVR with HD to a Sony 36XBR800. Great picture.  A name brand cable will not transmit your digital signal 6' any better than this Cables Unlimited brand will	1
The only thing you will need when you buy this package is some extra paper! I love the fact that Epson advertises realistic figures for this package. Some other printer makers do not do this!	1
I installed the roady in my car a few days ago.my wife has a xm radio in her new vehile so i was some what familiar with the xm radio.the only reason i didn't give the  roady 5 stars was that the signal to the indash radio is poor.on the front of my in dash stereo there is a aux. input which i plugged my roady into and the roady plays crystal clear,however this connected is not mentioned in the roady instruction manual.i have three vehicles and all three have an aux. input on the front of the cd player that i plug my mp3 player into.xm radio was running a special and i got the unit and the car kit for 40.00.all in all the roady is awesome	1
I have purchased these and other rechargeable batteries in the past. Generally I like the PowerEx batteries the best, but these Energizer batteries have really outdone the others. The seem to have the best capacity and last the longest of all the batteries I have. I have used them in my Canon S2-IS digital camera and have taken over 400 pictures during a weeklong vacation with no problems, and no recharging during the vacation	1
There's no need to take anybody else's word for specs on this Sony DVD player when you can view or download, for free, the user's manual at http://esupport.sony.com/US/perl/model-documents.pl?mdl=DVPNS90V&LOC=3. I've been running this Sony DVP-NS90V player through a Sony widescreen HDTV and a Pioneer amplifier/receiver for several days now, and I find almost none of the problems and limitations mentioned by previous reviewers. One, for example, states that there is "no bass management," yet you can (a) route more or less signal to the subwoofer by selecting "small" or "large" for the front speaker size (see page 76 of the user's manual), and also (b) increase or decrease the bass from -15 dB to +5 dB (see page 77 of the manual). Whether you prefer analog to digital audio, or you think SACD's are tops, is a matter of opinion, taste and choice and not an objective evaluation of a playback unit. I, for one, prefer DVD-Audio, and I mention this for an important reason: Some product ads and the user's manual clearly warn that this unit "will NOT play DVD-Audio discs." Happy surprize: it most certainly will! For my DVD-A's that have optional Dolby 5.1 and/or DTS tracks, the player simply ignores the primary DVD-A format (normally output via the 6 analog cable connectors) but still plays the Dolby or the DTS via the digital audio (optical or coaxial) connectors. For "pure" DVD-A's (without Dolby 5.1 or DTS tracks), it conveniently outputs the audio BOTH via the 6 analog AND the digital connectors. And in all cases above, the audio is full multi-channel surround, and not downmixed to 2-channel PCM, nor Prologic pseudo-surround. The only DVD-A function it lacks is the video slideshow often included on DVD-A's, and so displays only the "jacket image" onscreen. The Quick Setup allows any DVD newbie to be up and running in a short time. And the Custom Setup is so detailed with so many fine tweaks and trouble-shooters that it's bound to please even the high-end audio-video geek-freaks. In short, you'll find this to be a superior universal player, provided you read the user's manual (all 84 pages of it!), follow it, and connect equally high-quality, compatible equipment capable of exploiting its many fine features	1
...what it has that the xr55 does not: HDMI, dual-amping of front mains now available during 5.1 playback, one extra set of component inputs, and all-channel stereo (called "party mode" on other receivers).	1
This is the second Brother HL-2070N printer i"ve owned. The first died during a storm and I forgot about electrical surges. The only negative on this printer is a slight curling of the pages. It is fast and reliable. The prints are crystal clear. I would recommend this product to everyone	1
Much cheaper than other Sony machine.  Works fine -- then again, I wasn't looking for anything fancy.  Don't have problems with the speakerphone or message recording as the others did.  I like the dual keypads	1
I've had my Epson 1280 for over two years now and consider it money well spent. I run exclusively on Linux (currently Gentoo) and the Linux support for this printer (using CUPS) is superb. All modes, resolutions, etc. are supported. I use this printer a lot for engineering work printing B-size (tabloid) drawings and it works great for that.	1
Having owned a 1280 for a year and a half thus far, I can say that this printer is for somone who wants a reliable and problem free large format printer that produces on target results. The drivers at least for Mac OS X are easy to understand and reliable. The ability to manage the printer such as doing a nozzle check and a head clean right from the application that is going to be printing, is a vey nice touch as well. However, it is the colors that this printer gets high reviews from me. By using mat or glossy photo paper and making the proper print settings, one can get nice rich colors that are on cue. Thus this printer makes good for doing proofs. As an artist and Graphic Designer, having this quality is a blessing since this print cost $ 400 at the time of parchase. Compare that to profesional quality workhorses going from $2000 on up. Also being able to print up to 13 x 19 save me loads of time since that cuts down on the number of trips to my local print service to have them do my print outs on there large format printers. The only minuses are that one needs a generous amout of desktop realestate to acomadate the 1280 as it is almost twice the size of a normal 8 1/2 x 11 printer. Also one needs be prepared to shell out some payolla as the ink cartriges can get pricey. But what inkjet dosen't have that problem? Anyway that little expences is nullified by savings of not having to go to my print service so often. So any one looking for a good large format printer that produces some good printouts and not have to pay an arm and a leg for it, the 1280 is a very good cadadate for that job. So I'm giving 5 stars on the Epson 128	1
I ordered the 4 meter cable which was pictured with 24 pin connectors and received one with 18 pins.  Found out that the missing middle 6 pins are used to transmit audio which my monitor doesn't support anyway.  Originally, the DVI-D specification allowed for both a video signal and an audio signal, but most manufacturer's have only used the video portion.  If you need a DVI-D cable, an 18 pin connector will most likely work since most devices won't process the audio signal anyway.  There are a few (very few) devices that do use all 24 pins, but with the advent of HDMI, nobody really makes them anymore	1
Product came in as describe.  Super clear picture quality as it's supposed to be as Monster Cable brand	1
The Sennheiser HD 205 is great value for money.  The design is not only comfortable, but takes out a lot of ambient noise.  This headphone does not have active noise reduction but does a good job with its closed design headphone.	1
I bought this phone at Amazon, and I am happy with it. Provides very good sound quality, comfortable navigation,address book and Caller ID.With its 5.8 GHz frequency speed, it is much better than my previous one which was Panasonic 2.4GHz and did not have light signal on handset when you have a new message.	1
takes a little time to start operating, very good for the price a little trouble using it inside ca	1
This simple device is reliable for fixing positions. And If you know about coordinates, you can set it in, and bingo. You can compensate what it lacks of by using coordinates from a map while you paid unexpensive	1
What a wonderful surprize.  It took about ten minutes to install them to my HP Media center computer.  They replace speakers that came with my 19" monitor which were lousy to say the least. (speaker make with held) But the vs 4121s surpassed all my expectations.  While I am not an audiophile, I do admire and expect good faithful sound reproduction and these speakers more than do the job.  I don't understand how the more expensive ones can do any better.  Suffice to say I am completely satsfied and would highly recommend them to anyone looking for their moneys worth	1
This was a breeze to setup, even with WPA2 to ensure privacy.  I also hooked up an Xbox360 and it has never failed in since I bought it about 6 month ago.	1
Having a TV in the car make the carpool-commute a little easier.  Obviously, the driver can't watch it, but the passengers can.  All of the chords and connectors are included.  Great price	1
This is my first time ever buying a really expensive MP3 player.  I bought it three weeks ago.  If I hadn't seen the Creative Zen Vision:M, I probably would have bought the Sandisk Sansa E260.  I love being able to bring my cartoon/tv shows over to a friends house so we can watch them on the tv.  There is one problem I've had with it.  I'm not sure if anyone else has had this, but there is some slight static noise that happens once in a while when I'm listening to music.  I don't think it's the MP3s, because I've never ran into the problem with my other MP3 players.  If only they would've added the video cable for the TV and kept the charger, then I would've rated it a 5	1
Earlier this week I received the factory referbished Samsung HD841.  I have had a few days to use it and compare it to my other players, mainly my Philips 642, which have been excellent players for me. This Model does well.  I don't understand why this model has such a rough reveiw.  Note, this model has the DVI output, If your TV has an HDMI port, you will want to check out the Samsung HD 850 (identical otherwise).  First, this model has component, composite and S-video hook ups, as well as the DVI port (still have to run seperate sound out with DVI). Also, this model does feature digital coax sound out and optical sound out as well for systems that can handle 5.1 THX.  Many upconvert models do not have the digital outs on lower priced models. The picture quality is great, at 480p comparable with my Philips.  Again, The upconvert works well out the DVI hook up to my TV, but to be honest, it is hard to tell any difference between it and a good 480p progressive scan player, at least on my tv which is a 23" 720p LCD.  Menus also are a bit difficult to figure out at first as well.  The user manual is less than impressive at explaining thing, in fact, it does not have an index.  But, it the main thing is that the player is does perform well, and is a name brand product from samsung (I have had some offbrand experience and have had perfomace problems).  THis player also appears to have DivX available on it, not noted in the product discription, so that was a suprise as well.  This will allow the use of MP4 movie files.  The remote again is bigger and at first more difficult than my other players, but after a day or so it actually is better because many of the features are available to change at the push of a button instread of going through the menus.  In all, I will continue to explore this new player, but in all it seems to be a quality product that has received some bad flack.  So give it a chane, the prices are good currently, quality has been good, and it is a Samsung.	1
This was one of the cheapest tv mounts and it had all the options the expensive ones had it will pull away from the wall as well as allow the screen to pivot up and down.It also compacts up close to the wall.	1
There is a light that ALWAYS stays on and it is distracting, as others have noted. Otherwise, it is great. Good design, works well, no complaints. But that light...WHY did they design it with that?	1
Protects the Garmin's 60 screen from scratches, but interferes with the button operations a little. Worth the hassle to protect the screen	1
This unit works very well and we are very pleased with it. Nice construction, good sound quality on both ends. We're concerned about battery life as in # of recharges before performance decreases, but no indication right now that is an issue. I would have give the product 5 stars if it had been cheaper. This class of device is overpriced in general. Amazon's price was very good, but overall still seems over priced. I would definately buy another from Amazon as these are 25% more at other places.	1
This cable does improve the image quality but not by much. I was dissappointed to see very little difference between my standard PS2 stock cable and the moster cable I bought. This is not to say that the Monster cable is bad, but it just isn't worth the asking price. If you see on for under $20 then I recommend picking it up, but other than that, just avoid them because there isn't much better out there	1
BREAKING NEWS: If you are buying a new video playback capable iPod, please look for the new iPod Universal dock, which has s-Video output for both photos and video.  It is also ready to accept a control remote so you can control your iPod from your sofa.	1
I bought this backpack for walking to work each day with my laptop and various other items I need to carry back and forth (umbrella, lunch, spare battery, paper, etc).  It's well designed and constructed and has fulfilled all my expectations.  Its size allows me to carry a hefty foldup umbrella which can lie horizontally.  I was concerned it size might make it intrusive or awkward, but it's not.	1
This bag is fantastic,comfortable to carry, fits loads in,protects my laptop,doubles as hand luggage.No complaints at all. Best bag I've ever bought	1
Seems nowadays everything uses AAA batteries so this 30 pack is perfect for just about anyone that needs them. You know who you are. The ones with the video games, remote controls, clocks, and whatever else you need. Expecially good to get during the holidays, you should never be without	1
Received it pretty quick, but it was SDSDQU-1024-E10M.  There isn't any difference just it comes from Europe instead of the U.S. That was pretty odd but otherwise it works	1
My experience, with several repetitions: The adapter, continuously plugged in, continuously on, works for about 10 days, then stops working and drops the connection. It won't restart. The only way to recover is to unplug it, plug in your spare (you do have a spare, of course), and let the Netgear WG111T cool off for a couple of days. Then you plug it in again, and it works for about 10 days...	1
A super picture with this cable!  For the price, you've got to try this before spending hundreds of dollars on others.  I give it 2 thumbs up	1
I purchased my first Roadmate in August 2004.  Since then I have taken it to various places in North America.  It's gotten me out of some tight spaces.  I've never gotten lost while using it.	1
I have case logic CD wallets from 7+ years ago that are still in good shape...despite the abuse I put them through.  I bought this one only because of CD collection expansion. I find simply wiping off the outside cover with a wet sponge keeps it clean. The nylon covers really hold up over time. Remember- the "128 cd capacity" refers to CDs without their accompaning booklets. It's really 64 CDs with booklets.	1
This charger is designed for every iPod EXCEPT the Shuffle.  The Shuffle connects via USB, this charger uses FireWire.	1
I didn't buy this on Amazon but wanted to say this device is great. The only bad thing was MY laptop is old!  Can't go wrong with this one	1
Our new VCR/DVD player is wonderful. Set up was easy and I am even able to record-- something that the set-up configuration on my last model was unable to do. Delivery was even faster than expected! Quality is teriffic and price was reasonable	1
My old DVD would not play some of the many new formats, i.e. DVD-R, etc. This unit plays every DVD I've put in it with no hassles. The VCR has an auto tracking adjustment feature that seems to be fool proof, no stutters or static in the sound.  And the icing on the cake is the remote.  I understand it!  Plus it controls my television functions.  Excellent price and standard excellent Amazon service.  Well done	1
I bought these speakers some time back. I was a bit skeptical because the sub woofer looked a little wierd. but once I plugged it in they sounded really good..	1
I've been using SBL soundcards for about 3 years. I use it for recording live and with sound fonts.  This usb device is easy to set up and the sound quality is great!  One installation tip.  Initially after I connected it and installed the software, I was not getting any sound, although the software was installed successfully.  I rebooted, and everything was detected and has worked fine since.  So just remember to reboot after installation.	1
I am a audiophile and am very picky when it comes to buying my toys. I bought these by accident when i was acually trying to buy the hd650's it was too late to cancell my order and since it was half the price i decided to try them out. I first hooked them up to my denon amp and listened to some cds and they sounded awesome. i could hear things in songs i have never heard before. I then hooked them up to my cheapy portable philips cd player just to see what it would sound like. to my surprise it sounded just as good as hooking them up to my denon amp. There was plenty of bass and highs and mids came out very good. the only draw back is that it is open and it bugs people that are sitting close to you. I am glad i got these instead of the 650's cause my friend owned the 650's and if you don't have a amp hooked up to it your out of luck	1
This little doohickey is exactly what I needed to read my memory sticks.  Load the software, plug it into the USB port and you're off and running!  The MobileMate is SUPER SPEEDY!  The files/pictures pop right up with no lag time.  And you can read all forms of memory sticks with this one reader.	1
I'm very happy with this model. I use it mostly as a VCR replacement to record broadcast TV shows. You can't beat the price for this feature-set. I'll try to describe some aspects that aren't mentioned in the other reviews. The owner's manual can also be found online in PDF format.	1
I purchased the Monster Cable MP HTS 1000 without reading the reviews,(which I don't usually do) for the simple reason of where I purchased my hdtv, Samsung HLS-5687w they were trying to sell me but for a $150, which was too much.  I plugged in my equipment to the monster and at first there was no picture only sound.  I have directv and they have a connection which allows you to receive digital and analog signals through the same cable.  That connection needs to be placed after the monster in the connection loop.  After switching around the cables I had a picture again.  I can't really see an improvement in the picture quality (HD is beautiful) I bought the monster basically for the protection	1
The 50G is the successor to the HP 49G. They both accept only a maximum of 1GB SecureDigital flash cards since they only have an approximate 1GB operating system file address space. Only about  0.9GB of the SecureDigital flash cards (a little more on the HP 49G than on the HP 50G) are accessible. The manuals only vaguely state that they recognice FAT16 and FAT32 SecureDigital flash cards. The HP 50G has a black case with a black metallic faceplate. The white and orange shift key labels on the metallic black faceplate have much better contrast and are easier to distinguish than the HP 49G red (or tomato) and turquiose shift key labels on the tan anodized faceplate. The black HP 50G looks tastefully geared for serious users. They still have no display backlighting or a color display. The HP 50G keyboard feels a little more compliant than the HP 49G but it would be nicer if they were as buttery smooth as the original early 1970's series of the HP hand held calculators	1
The convenience of this product is terrific.  Whenever I show people how it snaps in half, they're amazed at the ingeniousness of it and they say how they want to get one.  Now that all computers have USB ports, I can put my photos into any computer anytime I want without worrying about the docking station.  A must-have product for every digital camera!!	1
Great product. It's two in one. You have it in your camera and take photos, next you can plug it into the USB port and download data. It's worth the money	1
First time I heard these I was floored by the output.  Nice high, mid and low bass sounds no matter what you have going thru them be it music, games or movies.  Definately worth the low low price...	1
I am going to strictly comment on the Linksys PAP2. A lot of the reviews on here have been for the Vonage service. The Linksys PAP2 is NOT THE Vonage service, but one of many adapters you can use.	1
I read the other reviews and don't understand where they are coming from UNLESS they are all by AT&T or BELL employees.  I've had Vonage for 3 years and have nothing but good things to say about it.  I have local numbers for Seattle, Salt Lake City, Boston and San Francisco so my friends can stay in touch. These numbers only cost me $4.99/each a month.  Customer service is excellent.  They stay right on the phone with you until everything works perfectly.  This is especially nice after they added 911 service	1
I'm using Monster optical cable as well, but with different reasons behind. Anybody with a basic knowledge of physics or optics should know that under normal condition light is not susceptible to interference from  magnetic field or EMF	1
This is the best lock you can find for laptops, but I am still not very confident with it. It looks flimpsy but better than others	1
Installation on a normal home network setup is very easy. My setup was a little more complex due to voip router, and 2nd wireless router. Sling has instructions on their web site but I still had to mess around with my settings in order to get it to work. To work on multiple routers you have to do port forwarding on both routers to port 5001. Once I worked this out everything is great.	1
This is a quality built toner cartridge, but for the money, it should have a great toner capacity	1
I bought this item about 4 months ago and do not have a single complaint.  I use it in Chicago.  A lot of reviews say it takes a long time to acquire a satellite signal, not true at all.  I think the longest I have ever waited was 20 seconds.  It does have trouble getting a signal downtown sometimes, when I am surrounded by tall buildings (Wacker Dr.)  But this is expected and can be corrected with the purchase of an external antenna.	1
Soundwise the Klipsch Promedia Ultra 5.1s were everything that they were supposed to be.  The bass is very powerful and can even be overpowering if not adjusted.  The sound is crystal clear and with a decent sound card all of the settings can be tweaked until perfection.  Setup was a breeze and no instructions are needed although they are provided just in case.	1
It has some very useful addition from the previous model.  It has cut the time of doing my homework in half	1
Great for frequent air travel to pass the time. Minor complaints - instructions are sparse (had to get my son to show me how to use iTunes & load songs), but still haven't figured out how to arrange songs on the iPod. My problem	1
This backpack has been such a useful companion for me.  There are lots of space inside even for huge text books, and compartment is arranged just right to hold variety of stuff---CDs, DVDs, paperback books, pens, cell phones, water bottles, etc., etc.  There are numerous creative ways of storing stuff.  Indeed my whole life as a student can be inside at once.	1
I had to 'fix' this ipod holder with a bicycle hand grip to stop it from shaking my ipod. I have a decent car and the roads are just ok but this thing shakes and shakes. I also put one of those beer coolers around the base of the foam hand grip and its now rock solid. Oh yeah and it holds the ipod just right too. I also put some of those velcro dots on the bottom for a little more security from my cup holder	1
I hadn't seen this product in stores as I usually would see the white TuneDok which seemed pretty cool but I decided to buy this one online to go better with my black car (I have a white 40GB 4th generation iPod).	1
Works better than any other glossy paper I have used with my Epson 960	1
I purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for her	1
I have owned many Sony cameras in the past and am currently using two right now. The only problem I have encountered with any digital camera is that when you think you have enough memory, you run out when you need it most. That is why I upgraded all of my cameras from 256 and 512 meg memory sticks to the Sony 1 gig. Actually I carry a spare 1 gig too where ever I go.	1
at first, the keyboard looked cheap and  the keys were in slightly different places than normal, but after time, I got used to the layout, and found that the keys actually work surprisingly smooth.  It probably helped my game a bit.  The extra bit on the front of the board did break off after 2 weeks, but I didn't like using it anyway	1
I bought this speaker cable because I wanted it to fall in a straight line and hug the walls without curling all over the place. This cable does just that. I'm very happy with it. If that is your goal too, I can recommend this cable.	1
I've used the iTrip by Belkin, the TunecastII by Belkin, and this Monster iCarPlay for getting my tunes to my car speakers.  This is the best design and works the best of the three.  I like that it can charge my iPod and that the transmitter itself is inline.  The signal seems to be decent enough, though of course it crackles sometimes or you hear a bit of static.  This gets more pronounced the louder you make it.	1
Works precisely as advertised.  None of the complaints in previous reviews hold for my experience. Specifically, battery backup works and sound quality of messages is excellent. Only negative: too many words spoken by the machine and they sometimes seem to overlap	1
We replaced a tape unit with this one and are so pleased.  No more waiting for the tape to rewind and this one keeps the messages once played until you remove them.  Also very accurate on time.  We love it!	1
Bought it for my elderly mother, who is getting hard of hearing.  The volume control on each handset has helped her a lot.  She also says that the clarity from the handset is better than anything phone she's had before.  The extra large size base unit dial buttons are also very helpful for her	1
We received our DLP TV stand in record time.  We had wanted to get it for a new tv that was being delivered that weekend.  We ordered on I think a Tuesday and it was at our office on Friday.  It was in excellent shape and we had no trouble putting it together.  The tv fit perfectly!	1
The numbers on the clock are not bright enough to see in the day light I wish they were brighter and bigger	1
Just a note to future readers -	1
This was a very highly rated item on CNET.  At the price I paid for it at Amazon it was like they were GIVING it away	1
Just spent the weekend photographing and video recording lots of activity and didn't even get close to capacity.	1
2gb of flash memory will not be destroyed at high altitude or dropped short of shattering the memory stick.  A 30gb hard drive as in the iPod 30g (that my son has) is subject to air pressure, shock and temperature domain that a flash memory device will not be subject to.  Because the hard drive spins to lift the heads above the disk, moisture from condensation will cause the head to crash if, brought in from a cold car and turned on.  I do not know about the iPod but some larger devices have dew point detector that will not spin up unless the air in the device is at safe temp.	1
I am pleased at the sound of these speakers.  I feel that for the price, it was a good purchase.  The carrying case that is included is a nice addition.  You can use the included A/C adapter or run it on batteries.  Not only do I use these speakers with my iPod, but also for my Mac Book laptop.  I don't need an overbearing sound, but these portable speakers are just right	1
Kit completo para colocar una peque a red inal mbrica casera, sin problemas. Sencillo de instalar, tanto que cualquier bolsa sin experiencia puede hacerse con este kit. Tiene se al fuerte, sin atenuaciones.	1
I purchased a Sony WEGA 27 inch tv. I took advantage of it's rear component input labeled video4.  I connected my Sony DVP360 Dvd player.  With dvd viewing, the movie Dinosaur, Bug's Life, Toy Story 1 and 2, and Vegas Vacation, the colors were very vibrant, details were dynamic, and the picture quality was very accurate in at least 480 lines of resolution. I have viewed these same movies on larger screen HDTV's such as the Pioneer Elite and was disappointed??? Glass picture tubes provide a more realistic picture. I can't imagine that I can do any better for my television than these cables.  I am completely happy with dvd movie watching on my Sony WEGA with these Monster component 3 cables	1
I had a game that would not even play on the xbox because it was so scratched. After using the Game Dr. It works perfectly. It is like i bought a brand new game. The Game Dr. was pretty easy to use too	1
This is a fantastic home projector.  I am a very picky electronics fan.  This exceeded my expectations.  The colors are RICH, bright & great.	1
I have paired this with my Linkysys wireless-g router and I have not had any problems with either. The modem installed without any issues. Prior to this modem I was using an RCA which began having connection problems. Since the Linksys install I have rock solid connection to the internet and a more stable wireless network. Previously I would expirience intermittant "drop outs" and would have to reboot. Currently I couldnt be more satisfied has been a good 3 month	1
The product was easy to load onto my Windows based computer using Windows XP.  I connected everything as instructed and as soon as I plugged in the TV cable to the back of the modem, My internet explorer picked up the signal and put me at the log in page for new accounts of my cable provider.	1
I bought these for my dvd player.  They work wonderfully!  The old analog cables that came with the dvd player looked alright but [didn't measure up}.  These monster cables definately enhance the sound of my dvd movies, especially the dialogue.  The old cables that I had made my movies sound a bit muffled.  But the monster cables intensified the clarity from the dvd player to my reciever.  For those of us who cannot afford 5 speaker digital surround sound, I would definately recommend these cables if you use regular 2 channel stereo for your movies or CDs	1
I PURCHASED 2 CARDS FOR ABOUT us$ 42 FOR MY psp they work Ok. I had other sandisk products and dont have any complaints. Best of all these cards came with the Adapter Memory Stick Pro duo to Memory Stick. So I could use it with my videocamera. Its nice when one company starts addresing the multiple formats problems.	1
I just bought a refurbished Roadmate 700 a few days ago. It took minutes to locate my current location, which was totally normal.	1
If you go through a lot of AAA batteries, this is one of the best deals on the market, short of investing in a recharging unit and a couple of rechargeable batteries. A very good value	1
A sore back and a sore shoulder forced me to search for a better means to carry my laptop.  I took a month to research laptop backpacks and finally settled on the Kensington Contour.  I didn't want to buy a Kensington.  I wanted a backpack making company with a name I knew, like Jansport,or Kelty.  I've been a backpacker and was familiar with their products.  I settled on the Kensington because it had the qualities I was seeking: comfort, quality materials and design, water proofing, laptop padding, urban black, rugged exterior, sophisticated appearance, lots of pockets, adjustable lumbar support with back padding and a water bottle pocket.  I write and work in media for a living.  Mostly I work at home, but once a week I travel to cities.  This pack does exactly what I want it to do - have places for everything I need, protect my precious laptop, and look hip.	1
As a journalist, I need to tote around a microcassette recorder with me wherever I went. Now, with the Zen's microphone/recording feature, I'm able to use it to record my interviews, and it's easier to transcribe because of its clear, crisp recording quality.	1
So far I used one tape of this pack. The video quality is  pretty good	1
Short review: Have burned about twenty disks, all work perfectly. Have made home dvds out of them, all work in three different regular dvd players that I've tried. Very satisfied with them	1
To avoid burning a coaster, update the firm ware on your dual layer compatable drive first ([...]).  The Verbatim discs seem to have fewer compatability problems than the other brands I've tried.	1
The SanDisk Cruzer TI is the most durable thumb drive on the market.  I had a 512MB Cruzer TI before this one.  I dropped it stepped on it and was just not too careful with it.  Through all that it never failed me.  I needed an upgrade and picked this one, because the 4GB was not available.  It move data fast and the new U3 stuff is very interesting.  I am not all that used to the U3 stuff yet, but I am sure I will start to use it to its fullest soon.  Co-workers of mine buy the less expensive USB drives and break them.  The SanDisk Cruzer TI is the absolute best	1
I had a small 512 Sandisk a while back, so when I saw a review for the Titanium 2GB Cruzer in a popular computer mag, I decided to upgrade from my Lexar 1GB.  So far, I'm very impressed.  Just did a 1.26GB transfer that took 140 seconds.  I was a big leery of the included software, but was pleased to see that if I didn't care for it, it was easily removed.  I have not had an issue with either the software or the drive, and am very impressed with the design of the retractable interface that requires pressure to expose or retract.  This is a very good drive, and contrary to the negative comments, I would encourage anyone looking for a fast, stylish, practical jump drive to seriously conside the Titanium Cruzer	1
I am satisfied by the purchase of this Targus CVR600 15.4 Groove Notebook Backpack since it is super wide, comfortable and with many compartments to keep objects  apart of the laptop. I recommend it to you	1
Great buy for a wonderful speaker system. Works beautifully with my MAC Mini for great sound. Would not hesitate to purchase again. Great contemporary look on my desk. So easy to turn the volume up or down either from my screen or the subtle touch control on the Creature. I highly recommend	1
I recommend these speakers - have had them for 3 months now and they are great - sound quality is great.	1
Recently bought a Analog Big Screen TV. Switched from S-Video to Component cables. There is a big difference. The picture looks more film like with Component cables. Do not hesitate to upgrade. Stay away from cheap Wally World brands. You get what you pay for. The S-Video cable I used was Monster Cable M1000 sv	1
I got one of these a few years ago.  It's been to several countries, on camping trips, bicycle trips, subways, etc etc and held together very well.  I pop this and the handspring into my pocket and off I go, not lugging around a huge laptop anymore.	1
Let me just preface this review by mentioning that I read many customer reviews(here and elsewhere) on this product before purchasing it. I focused on the negative reviews as to develop a good idea of any potential design flaws. After using this keyboard for almost 6 months I believe that Saitek delivers an attractive design with solid quality.	1
Upgraded from 19" Viewsonic CRT. This monitor is superb! Recommendation: go with native resolution, enable Clear Type through display settings, and download the monitor drivers from Viewsonic (XP uses standard drivers, not as good as Viewsonic's imo), then restart, makes a huge difference over settings out of the box.	1
I love my Shure E3C earphones and up until recently was pretty happy with the foam sleeves. However, I was constantly having to reset them in my ears when engaged in strenuous activities.	1
It says the keyboard is supposed to be easier and more comfortable to type with. I don't think it is that comfortable. It's a little hard getting used to, so be prepared to hit the backspace a couple of times. The keyboard is 100mA and uses USB connection. There is a USB to PS/2 converter included. Overall, it is an ok product for the money, as it is the cheapest USB keyboard I've found	1
Arrived in time, decent quality for the price. Is a bit difficult to close though, as the zip isn't awesome. But as I said, it's good for the price	1
Works great, just like ti should, can add more sheets to store more.	1
This is a very good skin for 60 GB & 80 GB owners.  It completely covers the entire iPod without sacrificing functionality.  What separates this skin from other skins it the Visor (a plastic shield which protects the screen).  My only problem with this skin is the belt clip.  It is impossible to remove and difficult to use.  A better belt clip would make this the perfect skin.  This is a very good price from TechGNet.	1
I have this card for a week, and what I can tell you is that this card has a quality that I've never heard from any sound card - the sound is so clean, balanced and accurrate.	1
The Belkin cassette adapter was my 2nd attempt at a product that would allow me to play my iPod through car cassette deck. The first, non-Belkin, product (can you say Monster here?) was crap...stopped working properly after two weeks. The Belkin adapter has performed flawlessly for 2+ months now	1
I have long struggled to find the perfect remote.  The URC9910 isn't it, but its pretty good.  Its no match for my Harmony 880 but it also costs a whole bunch less and works through walls.  I have 2 URC9910s, both programmed identically for my main HT.  The cabinet also contains a second reciever and a sound distribution center for the other rooms in the house.  The kids can be using one URC9910 with the TV/HT and I can be in the basement or outside and control the volume of my music with the RF part of the second URC9910 remote.  For the price you can't beat it.  All buttons AFIK are progammable or mappable.  Setting it us is a pain and I had to find some pretty obscure codes on the internet to get my TV to do its thing so that is where it looses a star.  Otherwise its a great performer and with the price, I don't mind if my kids use it, whereas, they aren't allowed to use my Harmony 880.	1
Only thing I did not care for was the design on the top of the disk. Other than that, these are quality DVD	1
I bought this to replace an Epsom printer that refused to print accurate color, and an old Canon scanner. I am very, very pleased! It looks terrific (my daughter said, "Wow, cool new printer!"). Set up was easy. And the printing is fast and absolutely beautiful, even in draft mode. Better yet, the cartridges are much cheaper than my Epson ones. Scanning is easy and good, too. I don't use fax, so can't rate that function.	1
I received the correct Q5949X cartridge.	1
If you are like me and dont really care about the "best" sound quality you can possibly have, and don't mind the tiny bit of static (keep in mind I live in a city) then this is for you.  Its simple, it works, and Im glad that I bought it, and that it didnt break the bank. I like it	1
I have a Gateway CX2610, and it always got hot in my lap after about 10 or 15 minutes.  Enter this Targus lapdesk.  When folded out, it provides a nice buffer between my lap and the heat of the laptop even when using the laptop for upwards of two hours.	1
I got the newer model of these, with the blue light on the speakers . All I can say is that these speakers are worth the money. You get what you pay for. These speakers have pretty good highs in them, bass wise there decent. They hit alright, and sub decent. You pay more money, you get a better system you know. This system here isn't much money, so it isn't going to be the best. So there isn't no reason for the bad reviews. I think they work really good for the price their tagged at. So if your looking for a system with some good highs, and decent bass these are for you	1
I recently purchased a PNY 512 MB Secure Digital Card from Best Buy when it was on sale for $29.99 each card. I had been given a SanDisk 256 mb card for christmas the past year, which had gone curropt. The PNY is so much better and so much cheaper for virtually the same quality or better than my old SanDisk. I would recommend this product to anybody who is fed up with SanDisk or any other high priced memory manufacturer.	1
This was part of my Stereo update. I selected this receiver for quality, value and ease of operation. I matched it up with the Sony CDPCX355 300 CD player and a fresh pair of those Bose 301-V speakers. Years ago I used to be an audiophile and I now think I'm going to enjoy getting back into my hobby	1
I bought a 32 inch 5 years ago.  in 2003 when movie I was trying to move it across the room and it flipped face first in the floor.  Mind you I had paid like $200 for Sear's sorry 3-5 year? warranty and it turned out they wouldn't have replaced it or probably fixed it even though my sister worked there.  I heard a sickening crash (like the picture tube/glass breaking).  It still works and only has a dent it the top left.  I think I got the remote a little wet years ago and it never worked again.  Not a big deal since I have a directv remote,but I forgot I even had PIP because of no remote.  From now on if I can afford it I will buy sony only.  I bought an xplode cd player 2 years ago with no problems except a dead remote that I never use	1
This TV weighs a ton, took three adult males to pick it up off of the floor and load it into an entertainment armoire. I have owned several Sony TVs and really thought hard about this purchase because of firmware issues that I have had with a 27" Sony. Mainly compared this model with the corresponding Panasonic Tau, absolutely hated the Tau remote and am very familiar with the Sony. Note that the remote was not the deciding criteria, but it was a consideration. I have no real complaints about this TV, the menu system is nice and the picture very good. I do not normally use the built-in speakers so really can't comment about their sound. This TV has a 16:9 enhanced mode that must be selected from the menus, I tried it once using a DVD as source input and liked the widescreen format that the DVD player provides better than the 16:9 mode. The 27" Sony that I have has an auto-volume feature, this 36" does not and I do miss it. I would purchase this unit again. Note that there is a very similar Sony model that has upgraded sound, but not consider it because the added width would not fit in the armoire	1
These are amazing products for low freq. they'll really get down word of advise don't use them for higher bass freq sounds more like a grinding noise after about 75 htz. Enjo	1
The 4GB high speed memory card is the best it is fast and it can store so much data I cant even imagine using all of the memory but the only reason I gave it 4 stars is because it's over 700	1
I bought these here and have had the for a little bit now. they work great. I will buy more when needed.	1
No problems w/ the phone. There is no mute button and it's annoying to hit two buttons to mute/unmute. I also couldn't find a way to change ringer volume but it's easy to change the ringer melody and there is one that's really soft.	1
I really like this mouse.  It is easy to use and is one of the most comfortable on my hand.  I have gone through a lot of mice and have finally found the one for me	1
This stand works great for bringing the monitor up to eye level. If you want to sit comfortably...get rid of back and neck strain...this Targus Stand is definately the way to go. And...the price is right	1
This monitor stand is worth every penny, and considering the price, that really isnt that many pennies.  What a monitor stand does is it raises the monitor to make it easier on your neck to view.  I have an IBM laptop and I place it on top of the stand.  With the stand, I probably have to look down at most about 10-15 degrees.  Before the stand, I would have to look down at about 35 degrees.  This does not seem like much, but if you spend alot of time staring at a computer screen, your neck will be sore.  Buy this stand and your neck will thank you.	1
The case itself fits very snug around the IPOD, and even gives it a better look.  The only complaint that I have is that the plastic window that covers the dial pops open, and even falls off at times.  I still give the case a 4 star rating, because I am a soldier in Iraq, and this case is doing a very good job of keeping my IPOD clean.  If a product can keep something clean in Iraq, then I am guessing that it can keep things clean anywhere.	1
What can I say, it's a rubber case that stretches over my Ipod. There's little room for malfunction. White would've looked better but isn't available through Amazon or its merchants without paying more than the product cost for shipping. It has little hard clear plastic windows over the screen and dial, the dial covering pops open. so far (several weeks now) they work fine without scratching	1
These speakers were purchased for office use and occasionally for on the road.  They are a great look and compact.  The sound is decent and should not be confused with higher end speakers.  They serve the purpose for which they were intended as far as I am concerned as I purchased them to play my NANO I-pod.  I do recommend them.	1
I agree with most of the reviews here.  The PC155 is a great headset overall.  The sound quality is great.  Volume is more than adequate and fidelity is excellent.  I've listened to a great deal of MP3 music through these babies and I am very impressed.  Spacial/stereo imaging is great and I've actually heard things in the songs that I have never heard before!  It actually shows the imperfections of my MP3 and makes me realize that I probably need to turn up the bit rate when ripping my CDs.  The controls are also simple to use, both on the cord and on the PC.	1
I purchased this headset for use with my Mac dG5 and Skype internet telephone.  The combination is killer.  I cannot compare to other similar equipment as this is my first and only, but for me, the quality is far better than what I have with my phone, and it was really as easy as plug and play.  I wish that the headset had thicker and stronger wires; I wish that the headset was more sold.  On the otherhand, I have not had any problems with the equipment up to now.  And the sound quality during telephone conversations is steller, which is important to me, especially as my hearing starts to deminish.  I saw some comments about the headset as an audiophile listening headphone.  IMO, this is too complementary.  For its price and features, a good buy and good sound quality, but IMO, this is not an audiophile headphone.	1
All 3 kids have a Tunebase.  It works great, easy to use.  It also charges the iPod while we travel	1
I've gone through a ton of headphones in recent years. They've included Koss "The Plug," Sennheiser PX100, Koss UR29, Koss SportaPro and a few others. All had their strong and weak points. So far, this has been the closest I've had to a good balance.	1
I had been wanting a nice color GPS unit for a while. My wife purchased this one for me and I love it. I purchased the City Select Maps to use with the autoroute system. It would be nice if the maps were included with unit. I've had it out on several caching trips now and it hasn't let me down yet. Make sure you take the time to read through the instruction book so you will know how to use the many features that the unit has built-in	1
This is a overall convient carrying case. IT DOES NOT SCRATCH you ipod in anyway. This is a great case for jogging or everyday use, it has a belt clip that works very well. great and simple case, i highly recommend it for everyday use	1
This is a wonderful product. The surround effect is phoenomenal and I just love it. The extra $50 is worth it for the quality sound that it delivers	1
I initially purchased this model then returned it in favor of the Sony SRF-M37V because of its five one-button pre-sets which make it a no-brainer to use while exercising.  However, the SRF-59, perhaps because of its analog tuning, suffers less from co-channel and adjacent channel interference on FM.  It's audio is slightly brighter and more musical with a decent pair of headphones or earbuds than its digitally tuned cousin.  With this in mind, I purchased another SRF-59 yesterday and spent all last evening listening to it.  I literally could not make myself shut it off and go to bed I was having so much fun scanning the FM dial.  There was a program which aired last night on a local channel which featured bass-heavy 12" remixes of eighties new wave hits with, blessfully, very limited commercial interruption.  Over the course of a three hour listening session, I gradually cranked up the volume.  As I was too lazy to fish out decent earbuds, it became apparent that with bass-heavy audio at very loud volumes the SRF-59's tiny amplifier was insufficient to drive stock Walkman style headphones and peak audio was clipped which simply necessitated turning the volume down a tad to restore full musicality (I understand that decent quality earbuds require less power to achieve the same level of high sound output, therefore there will be no audio clipping).  Nevertheless, the sound quality from this bargain-priced Walkman through less than ordinary headphones was astounding.  The party is literally in your head, and the soundstage ranges from ear to ear, which is somewhat disconcerting when it is located above your sinuses.  I also made one pass through the AM band and there the SRF-59 was no slouch either.  I hauled in 1200 WOAI San Antonio which is approximately 1000 miles from me.  Though no true DX machine, after all how could it be, it is at the least a competent performer on the AM band as well (I suspect early in the evening AM DXing conditions were as good as they have been in a long time).  For more on this model and others visit Xin Feng's website.  I highly recommend this model for cheap thrills!	1
A good basic AM/FM radio. Not digital tuning, but it works fine. Reasonably good reception	1
I bought this item rather than the cheaper products advertised because I trust Toshiba and because the picture quality was better than average.  Overall, I am very satisfied with the product.  We have used it on several aiplane trips and my toddler is very entertained.  We haven't had any problems with the mechanics of the player.  We also bought a case (which I highly recommend) so that we have enough Baby Einstein to keep her happy to our destination.  Also, the battery has never run out, and charges quickly.  My only problem with it is that the volume doesn't go up loud enough without earphones to hear it very well in a roaring commercial airliner.  But, my daughter mostly looks at the pictures anyway, so it wasn't that big a deal for us.	1
This DVD player is great for the road, and even at home when you don't want to be bothered. Unless the are much loud noises happening around you, the players' speakers work fine. It comes with all of the accesories you'd want, including a car outlet, wall adapter, remote, and the battery. It charges in under 4 hours, and plays for over 3 hours.	1
I do not have a hearing problem, but my previous cordless phones were inaudible even at high volume.. this phone fills the bill -- at least so far!  The only caveat: no speakerphone, which would be handy considering the amount of time most of us spend on hold.	1
This car kit works very well. The screen is a bit larger than other DVD players of similar type. The only down side is that the battery only charges for about 2 hours (shorter than many movies). So, if you are going to use this in the car, you need to be able to charge it	1
We bought this unit from Sam's Club right before a trip to Disney World. (8 hours in the car with a toddler--eek!)  However, it was/is perfect!  We still use it for trips around town when we're in massive traffic or our son is being really fussy.  The case that keeps the dvd player on the back of the seat needs a little work, but we figured out a way to make it work for us.  Also, the remote doesn't work well, but we don't really need to use it as a DVD usually lasts long enough between stops	1
The cable was a good price, and it fit my printer perfect. Worth the few pennies I paid	1
These speakers are great for the common traveller and have great clean music. the only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because it doesn;t fofill the height of volume I wished. It is pretty loud, but I like really loud. I do not own this but one of my friends does I hoe to get logi3 i station for my ippod it seems awsome according to the reviews	1
These speakers are not what i had expected from their size, price, and looks.  Their quality, even at high volumes, exceeds many other speakers i've seen at double the price tag.  The reason I bought these was because of the other reviews and the size.  Another reason was the proposed battery life, 35 hours on 4 aaa batteries, not bad at all.  So far its been very close.  I have heard the other speaker (systems) and yes the JBL OnStage and the Bose Sounddock are both very good and do live up to their reputations, but your stuck with using them only when there is an outlet nearby	1
I spent a lot of time reviewing Toaster Ovens to replace our 8 year old Delonghi Alfredo one. Most of the others had so-so features or bad enough reviews that made me pass on them; however, with the 5-star review and Cuisinart name, I chose the TOB-30BC.  It toasts, it bakes, it looks nice and it has the knobs that my hubby likes in lieu of digital. Overall, it's a great oven and we have no complaints with it's cooking abilities or the sturdiness of the unit; but less than a month later, one of the knobs broke off the unit. They are completely plastic and no metal reinforcement to prevent this from happening. My hubby sent an email to Cuisinart and they are sending a replacement knob, but one would have expected better engineering from a name like Cuisinart	1
When we needed speaker systems for a batch of new workstations, price was the main consideration. The price for these units was well below budget.  Since our main application for them was for audio-enhanced CAT (Computer Assisted Training), High fidelity and volume were not issues.  They worked admirably for the purpose.	1
I've purchased several Logitech mice(cordless optical)and I've been satisfied with all of them, except for the battery life.  I had to change the batteries in my previous mouse once a month.  This new Logitech mouse is terrific.  It's been several months and I have not had to change the batteries yet ... and I am not even using the on-off switch (I want to test the battery life without the switch first).  Battery issues aside, the mouse is smooth, light and accurate.  It was simple to install and I'd buy it again in a heartbeat	1
this stereo works great and its cute and small so it doesnt take up alot of room, it lights up blue when u turn it on in the dark and i love the remote, now i dont have to get up to switch the station	1
I bought this headset and I must say it's a great buy. First off it's lightweight weighing in at about 16 grams. It's small which definately helps when your wearing it around. At times it's like you don't even feel liek your wearing anything. Exactly how a headset should be. I've place and recieved many calls with it already and having been using the the traditional wired headsets of the past this headset sound better and has no wires. The only problem I have found so far is that it takes some time getting used to the button placement and answering calls with the headset. Not to mention you only hear the standard ringtone rather than your custom ringtones. But that a small price to pay for such a great, inexpensive headset like this one	1
I was looking for comfy earphones to replace my Phillips one I got awhile back cos the rubber coating had fallen off and I stumbled on this one. I was a bit skeptical about the volume control thinking it would give out after a few times of sliding up and down but it works wonderfully and is so light and responsive to touch as well as being sturdy.	1
I bought These earbuds for the first time 3 years ago for $15 now u can get them for under $10 They last more than six months of hard wear and tear  before they need replacing awsome i've been using them for a long time and don't plan on changin	1
Lenmar Is great to work with, When Beach Audio will not do exchanges for faulty equipment. Beach Audio told me I would need to purchase another one then when they get the faulty one back they would refund my money for the second one that I had to purchase. POOR RETURN POLICY. So I just sent it to Lenmar under the warranty and they sent me a new one. Only took one week to get it. GO LENMAR.	1
I really likethe design on this Protector, and bought 3.	1
Overall, I like this surge protector and would buy it again. I bought it primarily because of the 11 outlets, six of which are spaced out to accommodate big brick-style transformer plugs. I did a lot of digging to find the surge protector that had the most outlets in this configuration, and this unit always came up.  It has worked just fine for the month or so I've owned it. I particularly appreciate the angled plug, which allows you to use the second plug in a wall outlet without a problem.	1
My mp830 has performed well in the time that I've had it.  My family members have found it easy to use as well.  I was saddened at the early demise of my Epson cx6400 which suffered from a common problem of dried ink clogging the feeder tube.  I chose the Canon after reading good reviews, and I got it for an excellent price right here on Amazon plus free shipping.  It still sells for more at my local Office Depot and Best Buy. In truth I haven't tried all of it's claimed capabilities, but I'm happy with what it's been able to do thus far.	1
I use this in my videography business, primarily for weddings.  So far I've never had a problem, and the mic has always given me a clear recording of voices from a lapel position.	1
These 2.0 speakers sound great (and not just for their size), are adjustable, small, and good looking. I'm about half deaf and every speakers with a separate woofer had too much bass when I turned the volume up so I could understand human speech. I'm happy I spent the money. These are real quality in my opinion	1
I recently bought an altec lancing headset for $20 and it was the worst headset investment I've made. Horrible support for the ears and very uncomfortable to wear and they eventually broke within a week or two. So I bought this headset and I have been quite pleased with it. The mic output is extremely crisp. While talking with clients they said that it sounds like I'm talking on the telephone with them or better. They are very comfortable and rest on the top of your head unlike many headsets like my prior pair which have a support on the back of the neck which does nothing. All in all a good headset.	1
Works good for me. Some time one can hear some interference but over all a pretty good product	1
This product is awsome, i intalled it on my car with a sony stereo system, i placed the end of the ilink cable inside of a compartment of my car so i could put my ipod in, the sound quality that the cable delivers its outstanding, besides, it does not look like a cheap cable, it has a thick rubber coating that gives it some stiffness....	1
I've been using this CF card on my Nikon 4300 for a couple of months now.  It writes fast compared to my other CF (Canon stock, from another camera).  However, start up of the camera takes longer (because of the size), and as more pictures are stored, there is a noticeable degradation in speed in writing.  I've also used this on a Dell Axim, and it worked great!  No problem in formatting	1
I'm still discovering the power of this program - at least when teamed with the Garmin 60CS.  Auto routing, waypoints, detailed maps, assistance in finding the nearest gas station... the list is nearly endless.	1
Well, I have used 3-4 cassette adapters, till i heard this one, only words that i can say is you have to hear it to identify the difference.	1
I bought this from amazon for $15 and it works great with my car audio.	1
There are lots of reviews here and most appear to be on-target relative to my experience with these headphones.  But here are my 2 cents:	1
I bought these after reading over a hundred reviews for them, and I agree with the consensus that they deliver a flat, uncolored sound with tight, but not boomy, or overpowering bass. By the way, I've owned the Sony MDR-V600's for a couple of years now thinking they had replaced these, but they are actually more of a consumer model that seem to be comparable in terms of price and specifications, but are actually quite inferior to these in my opinion. These have been used by Musicians, studio engineers, and on air talent for 20 years now	1
the razor diamondback is awsome no problems with install. and great sensetivity when doing everything	1
Although there are more expensive options, if you're just looking for something to keep your iPod from sliding all over in the car, the iSqueez is a great option.	1
This player is very convenient for long trips. If you want to save the money, you can get it Free from this web site:   awesomestufffree.com/portabledv	1
I'm a section editor at a high school newspaper and I have used this drive every day both in that class and in all my others for over a year and it has never let me down. It's small, sleek and elegant and has a quick transfer rate.	1
Awesome product for the price.  You need to get a SMALL ring (like from a key fob from a car) to use it on your own key ring	1
Good sound quality for the sub-$150 (per pair) price tag. Easy to install	1
i can't believe the unbelievable prices of flash drives these days.  i just bought this one from Wal-mart for $20.00 dollars.  that's way cheaper than on amazon.com.  plus i've noticed that amazon.com has switched to third retailers and some don't even ship to hawaii, or do ship to hawaii at a hefty price.  this switching of amazon having the lowest price to third retailers is really turning me off.  possibly even towards purchasing books.	1
Small, convenient and classy. I love the Netgear Wi-Fi phone. Yes, it isn't perfect, but due to the uplink with Skype, they can update the software in the phone. I'm hoping they will be able to make the phone more compatible with Starbucks and hotel wi-fi. That would make the phone perfect. In the meanwhile, I'm enjoying making phone calls all hours of the day to my friends round the world	1
It certainly did.  Excellent color qualit	1
After I read some folk's horror stories, I was really reluctant to purchase this device. Well, it took me only 5 minutes to configure the DWL-G710, and another 10 minutes to find the best place for it in the house. It was really simple and it worked well with our Comcast/Netgear wireless cable modem.	1
I'm not entirely sure how other people are finding ways to damage their earphones, but I have used the same pair since the summer of 2000 (purchased from Amazon), and I have never had any difficulties besides losing the essential earpiece covers, which were easily replaced. When they are wound up in their little yellow case, the headphones' wires are well protected from stress unlike other models that don't offer such security.	1
Unit performs well, is reasonably fast, and has on-board security software that will allow the setting of a password.  If you choose this option, loading each time upon insertion is a little slower, and you must 'stop' the unit prior to removing it when operating under the password protection.  The few times I have forgotten I've not lost any data, but it scolds me for doing so upon the next use.	1
purchased the unit 9/05 because there wasn't a tele jack near the t.v.... thus far has worked w/o a hitch connected to my direct t.v. black box to show caller i.d. on the screen...	1
These cables are super with my new DVD player. There is absolutely no interference from my other home theater equipment. The picture is soo clear, and vivid. The cables themselves are really made well, they could hold up 100 pounds of weight no doubt. If you get these Monster cables you won't be sorry	1
I purchased my iTrip about 4 months ago and now can give an objective review of the product.  The iTrip is a good choice over competitors' products and offers a good value for the money.  Radio reception is good; I especially like the changing channels feature.  The fact that it charges the iPod while in use even makes it better.  The only negative thing that I've discovered is that sometimes it disconnects from the iPod slot and I have to push it back.  That's mostly due to rattles and I imagine will get worse with time.	1
I bought mine about a week ago and I haven't had any problems with it. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 was because it's a little hard to plug in & take out. But other then that I'm 100% pleased with it. It's not CD quality but it's very close. Good buy	1
This review concerns the "v3" hardware and firmware v3.0_20 - I did not purchase from Amazon.	1
The navigation kit works well although you do need a mostly flat area to set it on. Our Toyota Highlander lacks enough room between the windsheild and the dash to set it up on top, but we placed it below the gear shift on the center console and it worked quite well. The Ique was able to hold signels with no problem. I think the suction base might be a better solution for cars with out a low flat dash area	1
I love the iShuffle. It does the job. Not many features, but makes my 2-hour commute livable.	1
I just thought people should know that you can by the shuffle from Apple and have it engraved and shipped for free for $79.00 (everyday price). So Amazon is not really offering a great deal here	1
This is the best device I have bought for at least a couple decades. I am a degreed engineer, and I love gadgets. Just the best. I have had it about 3 months, and I love it. Attractive base, all the connections, removable speakers, picture quality is among the best LCD that I have viewed. I highly recommend it	1
the speakers sounds excellent for it's price but the power button has a defect. you need to push it a certain way to power it on	1
It doesn't have spectacular bass power, but I am happy for the product I got at such a feasible pric	1
Pro:	1
I have had and used two pairs of these headphones over the last year. I have been very happy with them, and even bought the second pair to keep as a backup.	1
Works great in my Cingular 8125 phone. I can't believe how inexpensive these have become! More space than I'll likely every need, and no speed issues (noting that the 8125 is no speed demon itself; I can't attest to this product's performance in something that's inherently faster)	1
I ordered the 2 gb card twice....Fast shipping and both worked perfectly	1
This phone has excellent voice quality, including in conference mode. The only reasons it doesn't get 5 stars from me is that :	1
Amazon has a nice price on the JBL Duet Speakers (July 2006 - 36.95) dealmac is a site I used and returned to amazon.	1
I bought this laptop stand when I found out that my laptop could drive dual screens so I could have different items on the two screens and drag stuff between them.  So now I have the center of the screens at the same height, side-by-side.  It is really nice to have twice the screen real-estate.	1
One of the least expensive ways out there to raise your computer screen to eye level. I am 6'3, so when I sit I am still pretty high in the air. With this stand I am able to sit with great posture and look straight ahead to my screen. I would definitely suggest getting one of these if you've ever thought about raising your monitor up off the desk	1
I'm overly critical of sound quality. At home i have the Tritton surround sound headset running off optical connection. this doesnt' compare to that but the Tritton is $99 too.	1
I love this printer. I purchased it to print 8X10s from my digital camera. The ink doesn't fade over time like my HP did.	1
As you may already know, this is an accessory handset which will only work if you have one of these Panasonic models: KX-TG2700/KX-TG2720, KX-TG2730/KX-TG2740.	1
I recently bought an HP 17" widescreen laptop and needed to find a case for traveling. This case is all that and more...on one side is a detachable cell phone case...the other side a HIDDEN drink holder. It has a pocket that it slides into if not needed- that came in handy in the airport.	1
Very reasonable price and a must have as a spare for those that leave affixed to windshield year-round. Fast shipping. A great shopping experience	1
I've read the other reviews of this product and feel a need to defend this gadget. I've owned mine for about three years and I love it. I use it nightly. The application I find this perfect for is Audio Books stored on MP3. This of one of the only small, portable MP3 players that has it's own speakers. I go to bed listening to audio books and I don't want to wear a pair of earphones or lug a set of extra powered speakers around. However just slightly larger than a CD Walkman when folded closed it is small enough to work great on an airline trip, where headphones are preferable to the endless roar of the planes engines.	1
I have used this 128 MB XD Memory card and it works fine.  The pictures are good.  I have had no problems.  I now have this memory card and the standard 16 MB card that came with my camera.  Good deal.	1
Review this product over the internet, and it is just what I was looking for my daughter of twelve years of age, pros. is portable and rechargable; cons. the sound is not as good as the Boose but with less volume it is quite acceptabl	1
I had bought one of these five years ago when I was in the States and am still happily using it at home. Unbelievably durable for a mouse pad heavily used for hours everyday for five full years. Fed up with giveaway mouse pads sliding with my hand movements, I was searching for something decent to use in the office and amazingly found the exact same item. It is a good example that how little things make a big difference	1
I bought this Ipod 4G to replace my 2G one that got stolen and chose more memory as the 2G got filled up too quickly. Can say that this is probably the best size in terms of memory. Otherwise, as usual with Macs, very easy to use, even for low-tech people like myself, beautiful design, small and light, not too fragile, just great on the go	1
Just what I expected - good quality, convenient and holds lots of musi	1
I researched cases upon receipt of my 20 GB iPod and deemed this the best.  This case consists of a thin plastic sleeve inside a separate clear, hard shell.  The hard case protects the iPod from scratches and minor falls while still allowing easy access to the controls and inputs.  It also does not obscure the screen.  An enclosed plastic belt clip attaches to the back of the unit.	1
It's great if you have High Speed enabled devices.  It's very fast a 2GB is sufficient for almost purpose	1
I've had this controller for over a year now, and it still works great and reliably as ever.  After many months, the analog sticks occasionally drifted a little, but a quick jiggle and they'd be back to center.	1
First, I should say that I'm surprised at how sharp and clear the image is.  The display card at CompUSA said this monitor has a 1000:1 contrast ratio, and I'm not sure what that means, but it definately seems to translate to a crystal clear picture.  The contrast ratio is higher than most other flat-panels I looked at, which have a contrast ratio of around 500:1 to 700:1 (including Samsung's own 20.1" non-widescreen model).  Everything is crystal-clear, which makes it easy on the eyes and good for watching movies.  It is also good for gaming - Half-life 2 and Unreal Tournament 2004, for example, both look great.	1
cons	0
It's a nice look, but it tips over very easily. It is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows. My advice is if you need a CD rack that holds a lot of CD's? Save your money and invest in something nicer and more sturdy	0
I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and finally I just gave up on returning the system. The DVD player constantly gives "Bad Disc" errors and skips if there is even the slightest smudge on a disc. The sound quality is very nice for the price, but since the player doesn't work, it's essentially useless. This is a complete rip-off at any price point	0
I knew these were inexpensive CD cases, but I can't even open one without it breaking into two pieces..	0
I used a 25 pack of these doing DVD backups, and the last 5 or so failed. I thought it was my software, so I got new software. Guess what? My first disc out of the new package of 25 that I bought failed, too.  It's not my burner (as another reviewer suggested, implying that people should learn to read), as it's brand new and doesn't require the firmware upgrade they mention. They just suck and have a high failure rate.  So the consensus seems to be that TDK or Sony are best. I'm buying some now and save myself the frustration	0
I bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online. Well, I just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs, I got one that burned good. Not much bang for the buck. I have burned many discs but never Memorex, usually Verbatim or Ridata or MAM. Very disgruntled with these discs making coasters. Maybe my burners don't like them but whatever the case, I won't buy them ever again. I thought Memorex made good products	0
The DVDs I burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality. The only problem is that for every 3 good burns I get one bad one. I'm using the Plextor DVD burner (love it!!), but I'm going to try my luck with a different DVD brand. The failure rate for Memorex is unacceptable. It's less the cost that bothers me, but more the time wasted on burning coasters	0
I hope it's live because if it's memorex, it's crap!  that's my latest opinion after using this product.  I have a LiteOn SOHW-802S and it hates Memorex.  I rarely get a decent burn.  More often than not I'll discover while watching my movies just how horrid the quality it.  My movies will skip, stutter, or stop all together.  So disappointing!  Unfortunately I found out too late that Memorex uses CMC media, which only has a 0-50% success rate!  [...	0
While I read the reviews on this machine, it is clear to me that Lexar has some serious quality-control problems. For some people it worked, for others it was a miserable failure. I am in the latter group. Sigh.	0
i knew the cash back offer sounded too good to be true...and sure enough they rejected my upcs (i kept copies) only have hounding them and contacting the better business bureau did they say 'whoops a mistake' i have a fleeting suspicion this was intentional	0
Please don't expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised!  To date, I've been denied twice.  The second time they said the U P C number was invalid. Only, it's the original U P C barcode!  I was meticulous filing the paperwork, yet they state, "All required products were not submitted."  Meanwhile, I have phoned AMAZ0N to lodge a formal complaint.	0
No free lunch & you get what you pay for...is that the verdict on this product?	0
I have a collection of over 1500 disks so I have bought many cd/dvd cases over the years and this brand is the worst quality on any that I have purchased.  I would avoid this brand.	0
Bought this a month ago for use with my DX4330 kodak 3MP digital camera. It worked for 2 days.After that, everytime I on the camera, it wanted me to reformat the card,WTH is that?	0
I purchased this game pad due to good reviews.	0
I've only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row.  I've spent hours with this product on several machines and I can now say the hardware sucks.	0
I purchased dvd express and it never worked. I spent endless time with tech support. The old story about, "It must be your computer." did not fly either, my machine is a media type and it far exceeds the system requirements advertised by ADS. I exchanged the item and it was supposedly checked out before I got it. Same problems. Tech support told me I was the only person having trouble with this product. They need to check out a few websites that review products there are hundreds of bad reviews very few good ones. My only mistake was not reading them before I wasted my time and money. ADS also told me it would not work with Ulead's Movie Factory 3, some of the software it came bundled with, but that was Uleads problem. I should use Cap Wiz ( Their program ) DUH!!! Guess what, it did not work with their program either. Ulead said they had several complaints with ADS's product. Their final solution hold on to the product and maybe they will have a new version of cap wiz and that might work. Save yourself time money and aggravation buy another product! P.S. Since ADS doesn't consider the product defective they will not refund your money or allow you trade it in for an upgrade. I don't think they want a product like that either. The only reason I gave one star is.....it was packed well.	0
This SD would not work in my  Nikon  Coolpix S6 camera (but the Fuji and Sandisk product did	0
Just purchased 3 units , thought they would work as well as the Novi units they were replacing however they have absolutely no range . My original Novi 2 channel units worked well from a distance of approx 110 ft from house to barn , these only work in the same room... I am attempting to return these currently.	0
I bought four of these and returned them immediately. Two were dead out of the box. A third had horrible sound.	0
When I purchased these batteries, I was very pleased, but that wore off after a couple of months. I don't use my camera all that often, but when I do, I expect ther batteries to have some charge. I recharge them per instructions, and they do not hold a charge any longer.I know Monster makes good products, but I am a little disappointed in this one	0
I got this from JnR . This unit powers up but the computer fails to detect it. I tried this on multiple computers. MAy be this was just a lemon. I will exchange it to a better brand	0
This bookstand, despite the description, is not suitable for heavy books. If you put heavy books on this, the stand that props up the whole unit is likely to snap off.	0
Its made of flimsy plastic, and all the parts snap on. I'm afraid to put a heavy book on there, because I'm sure the parts will just snap off	0
In the ten minutes since I've had it out of the box two pieces have fallen off.  More importantly, It can't handle large manuals as advertised.  (The reason I purchased this particular book holder)  My 1000 page manual only fits if you happen to only want to read the middle chapter.  Based on that I estimate that this is a totally worthless product to anyone needing to go through a manual or training book more than five or six hundred pages.  If you don't anticipate needing it for a book that big then just glue the rubber feet on, keep an eye on the page retainers (these are the parts that fell off) and you should be ok.  As for me, I'm off to read Amazon's return policy and see if I can get rid of this useless hunk of plastic	0
I had to send this item back because it stopped playing cds. The sound quality was good, but the dependability of this item is questionable.	0
I purchased this memory card for a camera I was also purchasing. It was listed as an accessory to the camera on the same page. When I received the card first and then the camera, I was disappointed that the card was the wrong shape and size for the camera and would not fit. Because I had opened the plastic package to the card, I was unable to return it. In fact, when I emailed the company who sent it, I never even received a response.	0
I am the type of person that ALWAYS buys the extra warranty on whatever I purchase.  However, I started reading the reviews on this company and many people reported that it was four weeks and counting and they still hadn't received their refund check.  I was astonished.  I contacted N.E.W. myself and asked them about this.  With no shame or embarrassment on the part of the customer service reps, I was informed that if I did everything by email, it would take AT LEAST 15 business days (that's three weeks!) to receive my refund check AFTER I sent them the warrantied item.  If I had them send me a pre-paid label for the defective item instead of using my own printer, it would take a week for me to receive and at least a week for them to receive the covered item.  In other words, it would take no less than four weeks to receive the replacement check and possibly up to eight weeks!  I cancelled the contract immediately.  It is just not worth it when you really do the math to purchase this contract.  I would recommend buying a product from a company that first makes a quality product and then back it up with a good warranty and gives good customer service such as Grado, Sennheiser or Koss.  But stay away from these people; that's my feeling and my advice.	0
DON'T BUY THIS PRODUCT. There, simple advice I wish someone had given me before I bought two of these. With the first one the battery died 13 months after purchase. Since it was 30 days outside the warrantly, apple support told me "sorry, tough luck." I made the mistake of buying another one figuring I just got a bad one and there was no way I could have the same problem again. WRONG!	0
About three years ago, maybe four, I bought two Lexar CFII cards. One never worked, the other worked, but lost all data. I wrote to Lexar, that I had two bad cards, they sent me one new card of the same size. I gave that to my girlfriend & told her to only use it on pix she didn't care about losing. I still have my card, in a ziplock. None of the file removal programs will get the images off, & I've used all of them, & had their (file removal) tech help give up.	0
Most people buy a UPS, plug it in and never test it to make sure it works. I tested this device a number of times to make sure the software would at least shutdown the computer after an outage. I set it to shutdown Windows after 1 minute. Only the computer and a few small phone accessories are attached to it.	0
If you have a cable modem for broadband connection to the internet, your unit will not be covered by the APS warranty on this device. Lightning hit near our house and the motherboard plus router got fried. The cable modem stayed intact and we filed a claim with APS. They denied it saying backend surges through the cable may have caused the damage (even though the modem wasn't hurt?)	0
I am still awaiting resolution of a problem I have with these drives. In writing DVDs I get verification errors. This proboem arises if the drives are used in an external firewire enclosure. The drive works fine if internal in your computer attached to the IDE bus, but there is an issue if attached to your computer by firewire	0
also import a cd , money down the drai	0
The drive arrived at the end of December, was quick to get up and running, and worked fine until yesterday.  Then it got the machine equivalent of "lockjaw" and I've been unable to get the tray to release.	0
I never even traveled with it. It just stopped working completely making me lose data.	0
got it at walmart can't even remove a scuff. i give it -100 good thing i could return it	0
i've given it 2 stars instead of 0 because after i used this CD, the sound from my system did seem to be a little better (the CD's were not skipping as much).  but the bottom line is it didn't fix the problem as the CDs are still skipping noticeably, although not as bad as before.  ... not sure if this has anything to do with the fact that my set has a 6-disk CD changer	0
The is perhaps the lease durable item I have purchased in 40 years. It lights up just fine, and it is a reassuring led gold, but it refuses to do anything with my xd card. It worked just fine for 3-4 days, then erased about 100 photos, all of them irreplaceable. Cheap yes, but Cheap Junk.	0
Great looking keyboard. Unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed. That includes cleaning. And don't think you are ever going to take it apart and dry it. The keyboard self destructs after you have the, count them, 10s and 10s of screws.	0
I ordered this item after reading the positive reviews here. BIG MISTAKE. Upon setting everything up, it all worked great for about two hours... then the dreaded "UNPLUG/PROTECT" screen came up. Now it won't turn on but for a few moments before returning to protect mode. (and no, it's not a short in the wires or overheating... it protects even when stone cold, and with no speakers plugged in) I called sony and they say it is a short in the box. So now my two options are to unhook everything, repack EXACTLY the way it came to me and reship back to the online store I bought it from (with enormous hastle and expense) or take the receiver in to a sony authorized service center (which happens to be across town, and only open monday-friday, 9-5pm. So much for being convenient). This thing is brand new and already needs repairs!!	0
Why would you want this item? Amazon is charging $50 MORE on this item than the 2nd Generation Shuffle! And, according to what I have read, THIS Shuffle isn't very derable. It doesn't even last a year! I don't know about you, but I'LL get a 2nd Generation Shuffle	0
One day it just stopped working. I got the dreaded "orange and green flashing lights of death"... the contents of the File space were un-recoverable... and I ended up just pitching it after extensive attempts to revive it.	0
My shuffle suffered the blinking green-orange lights so I took it into the Apple store. A salesman took 15 minutes to figure out that he couldn't do anything, and said I would have to sign up for a appointment at the "Genius" bar. At that appointment, the "genius" said he couldn't fix it, and because he said he didn't know anything about engineering he couldn't say whether the shuffle was not working because of a software or a hardware problem or both. Apparently being an Apple "genius" doesn't involve understanding how things work, though it does appear to require having a trendy haircut. The 'genius" then offered a $10 discount on the purchase of a new shuffle - but couldn't answer the question of why anyone would want to waste money on such a poorly designed thing.	0
The extendable arm breaks very easily.  I had two of them and they both broke within the first month.  The company does have a 3 month warranty but you have to pay for shipping to send it back to them and I have been waiting over a month for my replacement.  Very poor product.  Do not buy	0
I'm the consumer of SanDisk USB flash drives. I have used couple of sandisk flash drives (i.e. 512MB Mini, 256MB Mini) before I bought this product.	0
These disks would not work with my Sony brand DVD writer. I have tried several other brands and so far everything works but Memorex.	0
To back up my personal DVD collection I burned 200 discs.  100 on these Memorex DVD+R's, 100 on Philips DVD+R's.  EVERY Memorex had flaws during playback.  EVERY Philips was flawless.  I've been buying Memorex for years but I'll never buy Memorex again	0
Overall the recorder worked OK. A moderate inconvenience was that once in a while the recorded DVDs could not be finalized for unexplained reasons.	0
Here is the original review of this machine I wrote on June 17, 2006:	0
I would only recommend this product if you need something that only lasts six months.  There is a reason the warranty is only 90 days.  The performance (sound quality) steadily declines over time.  The ihome worked great when it was new, but it won't play songs from the ipod anymore, and the radio is a static box	0
So when I first got the iHome for Christmas, I loved it. Well, I loved it in spite of the glaring bright light, that even at its lowest setting has to be blocked for me to get to sleep. However, after awhile the iHome will not register my iPods existence at all. Today I was able to enjoy thirty seconds of a song before it fell into disgrace again. I would not recommend this product if you want something that lasts. This device has become nothing more than a nuisance that won't even pick up radio stations. So, the alarm can only be set to a vaguely annoying beep when these functions are disabled. Useless	0
We have had ours for almost a year - it still works great, but there is one big problem - the display is a white/violet bright light.  Great for visibility of the clock when you need it, but unfortunately, even when it's on the lowest setting, it lights up our whole room!  My husband sleeps through it fine, but I need a dark room to fall asleep and I always have to throw a sweater or towel over it.  We finally gave it up and switched back to our old clock radio	0
I like the features.  I'm satisfied with the sound.  The user interface could be more intuitive.	0
I mistakenly believed the hype that this thing would PROTECT my computer from BEING KILLED, but instead, this thing has KILLED my computer FOR THE SECOND TIME IN 4 DAYS, EMITTING AN UN-STOPPABLE(i.e., CAN'T TURN THE FEATURE OFF) SHRIEK ALARM. How do smart, talented people idiotically convince themselves that a home product should have an ear-piercing shriek-alarm that can't be defeated / silenced?	0
Let's be honest.	0
I have been charged however I did not get a copy of the policy to date.	0
I bought this item like 2 months ago, and now it's broken. I'm sooo frustrated.	0
This was a great mouse for about the first year I owned. After one year is when all of the problems started.  The mouse now loses connection sproadically and sometimes it doesn't want to connect at all.  I have changed the battery quite a few times and that doesn't seem to help.  It is very tempremental, and I have now given up and am shopping for a replacement.	0
This is a good product - sounds great, gets good battery life, everything you'd hope for in an iPod dock.  But it has one major flaw.  The iPod docking port is really flimsy, and has no structural support aside from the actual electronics themselves.  After a little bit of use, the connection between the iPod and the dock deteriorated to the point that the volume fluctuated up and down, and sometimes the sound cuts out all together.	0
This is a poorly designed remote. I have six devices connected to my HD television set. The software depends on the user assigning positions to the various inputs to the TV and, in my case, routinely activated the wrong device when I used the remote. I purchased a Logistics Harmony remote and it works perfectly. At this point the only thing that I use the remote for is to remotely turn on my satellite receiver at a certain time during the day to record to Replay TV (which cannot turn the TV on and off).	0
With a full charge it does not last more than 10min, could not take more than more 15 pics in my camera Canon Pro1. The original battery works well more than 250 pics on each charge. Initially I thought this problem was because it was new battery but after several cycles it does not work at all. I'll try to get a refund and check their customer service too	0
I am disappointed in this product.	0
One out of every 4 discs would fail on me when I'd burn to this media at 4x. Slowing down the burn to 2x didn't help either! I own a Sony DRU500A with the latest firmware. Memorex isn't on their compatibility list. Lesson learned: check the compatibility list BEFORE buying	0
I've got a LITE-ON DVDRW SOHW-1673S burner (Revision JS02) in my fast G4 Mac running OS X Tiger and burning with Toast Titanium 7. Although my burner is nominally 16X-capable, it only burns at about 6X in my setup, probably due to the slow (ATA 33) bus it's on.	0
I did the research on this product and it was one of the best. I don't know that to be true due to the fact that the software that they sent me was a demo version that was outdated for use. I have to buy another software package to opperate the product that had stated in the description that the software was included. One if not the only reason I had purchased it. I e-mailed tiger.com and received no reply. If your going to sell something false advertisement is not the way	0
This model was intended as a replacement for my not-very-old and yet quite functional Panasonic PM-series stereo.  This is the kind of thing that happens when you browse Amazon while drunk late at night.	0
I have owned five of these UPS units over the past four years. I purchased three for my Mac and PC at home. Then I had to purchase two replacements for units that simply quit. Currently only ONE still works! I have very infrequent power outages, perhaps three in the past four years. These units work well to allow you to save your work and shut down. My G5 mac was so power hungry that I had to use one for the computer and another for the 23 inch LCD.  I can't comment on other UPS brands such as Belkin,  but I have seen many competing brands on the web and at the computer stores. There seen to be quite a few dealers selling refurbished APC products but this may be a reflection of APC's popularity rather than the poor reliability of their brand. My experience over the past four years has been mixed. These are not inexpensive units and you have to decide how precious your data becomes. If you really fear the loss of data during a blackout then the answer is clear. I chose to switch to high quality surge suppressors and never work during potential storms. Many users do not have that flexibility so a UPS is essential insurance. The units I puchased were identical and only one unit is still operational after four years. I can accept the need to replace the battery every one to two years; three of the batteries failed and alarms beeped until I bought new batteries. Prices vary from $15 to $50 depending on the vendor. Battery life depends on many factors so I don't begrudge APC for wear and tear on the battery but to have 4 out of 5 units simply stop working is unacceptable. I bought APC branded batteries and can't explain why the recurrent failures. I'm frustated with my APC products but it may be a problem with this model. Just beware of the hidden costs of battery replacement when purchasing an UPS	0
While the silicon used in the construction of the sleeve is very nice (feels grippy but not sticky if you know what I mean), some of the features are just wrong.  For instance, the opening for the hold switch on top was apparently cut wrong and does not line up with the switch at all - requiring you to have to push the cover around so you can flip the hold on or off.  Also, for whatever reason, the edge of the sleeve is right at the headphone jack which causes it to be somewhat difficult to keep some headphones seated during use (the sleeve can work its way in and pop the jack out).	0
I was tempted by the cheap price and got myself a 10 pack. They are rated at 2000 mAh, but run out of juice after the digital camera has shot maybe 5 frames. My 2 year old Panasonic 1600 mAh in contrast can run the same camera for over a 100 shots. I tried these batteries in my MP3 player - and even there, it won't supply enough juice after an hr worth of playback. It is not that the battery does not hold any charge - that it has. But it just does not supply the peak current required by most digital devices. It seems to be all right for use in a flashlight. A set of batteries that will not power a camera will power a flashlight (a bit dimly) for hours (yeah - I tested it). For the test, I had  charged the panasonics and the lenmars for the same duration (it is not a charger issue).	0
This product is not for the heavy handed	0
This GPS comes with US map on the SD card and Canada map on the included CD but never the twain shall meet.	0
The Tomtom has great features.  But I returned mine.  First, the maps are very dated.  This makes it iffy at best.  It has terrific potential, if it worked.  You can use a PDA stylus on the map sitting at home outside on batteries to plan a trip.  It's amazing.  But I wanted to plan a 600 mile trip myself using it's internal maps and waypoints.  But I tried a local test first.  I used roads as waypoints, main roads.  This way I can force the Tomtom to use MY routes.  I did not like it's choices, since it is a dated map database.  I set up a local route, and started to follow it.  It took me to the first road/waypoint no problem.  But it would not go past the first waypoint.  I would go down the road (first waypoint) then it would tell me to take a u turn!.  I did.  Then it said take another u turn.  It had me going in circles.  Perhaps it's not made to use roads as waypoints, but all indications it gave were that it would.  The manual was no help.  Support was no help.  So it went back.  I have ordered a Garmin i2.  Hope this is ok.  I have taken the same trip from SE FL USA to SC USA with a Garmin C330.  The Garmin has maps that you cannot update, but got me to my destination no problem.	0
i have so for used inav iguidance,mapopolis,navigon navigator 5 and The Blue Logger & Street Atlas USA .out of all these The Blue Logger & Street Atlas USA is the worst and inav iguidance 2.1.1 is the best  .blue logger gps hardware is good but v impractical to use bcuz of its strange onoff button....	0
This is a complete waste of money for a number of reasons.	0
I have owned this little hub for at least a year. I have an older PC which came without USB, so I added a PCI adapter. I soon realized that I needed more ports, and more convenience, than the two now located in the backplane of the PC on the floor.	0
This Amazon listing also suggests buying the Soundsticks along with Airport Express.	0
Install went smooth on my W2K/dell inspiron notebook. Everything worked fine for 24 hours then it just stopped. Worked with customer support for about an hour getting nowhere. This thing is junk. I'm sending it back	0
From looking at the D-Link website and talking to five tech support staff, it appears that there are countless versions of this card, each with different driver software. The one I got came with a CD with the wrong drivers. With tech support, I finally found the 8 mb driver file I was supposed to download. However, they did not provide any instructions on how to install the new driver. The normal "automatic" approach did not work. And their instructions did not match the screens I was getting on Windows XP SP 2.	0
I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn't know.  I bought it to reduce clutter on my desk from all my devices hooking into my powermac.  I hooked up my printer, ipod and digital camera and nothing happened.  I called Targus and they said I needed an a/c adaptor.  It doesn't come with one and doesn't say anything about one in the manual or instructions, or their website.  They said I could get it at radio shack and gave me the info (5 volt, 2.1 amp, center positive).  I've been to two radio shacks and online- they don't carry it.  I'm upset.  Any advice	0
I have read all 181 reviews and decided that half the reviewers did not get the model that I did.	0
We have been unsuccessful with this e-reader attachment since we purchased it. Cards read once and never again. Doesn't matter if we use the GB SP or Advance. Still doesn't do anything. Don't recommend you waste your money	0
I just cam from Las Vegas and the sandisk has a disk error that doesn't allow for more photos after only using 40mb. I have tried to format the disk using the camera and through Windows XP. It doesn't allow it to be formatted. Bad investment!!! Would not recommend the product unless there is a way I can get a refund or an exchange	0
The second disc in this package was faulty, which I did not discover until I spent two hours recording a movie.  There was what appeared to be a half inch bare spot on the outer edge of the dvd+r.  Not what I expected from Memorex which purports to be the best.	0
Replaced first spindle and still junk. Will always stick with Verbatim from now on	0
I bought this same brand of discs sometime last year on this very site. I was very pleased with the purchase then. I didn't have one problem with the discs.	0
Was a little hard putting it together.  You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart.  I am not happy with this product	0
I have the older, larger version of this product. However, it uses the same software. The labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply the labels is great, but the software is awful. There is no direct Macintosh program; rather there are templates. They were written for old versions of software and really don't work right. The Windows side includes an actual Print Shop-style program which works awfully. If you do get this, make your own template on AppleWorks or PowerPoint	0
They totally misrepresent this product. It does not work with Macs. I feel cheated and lied to by Memorex, shame on you	0
After serveral months of use, "Card Error" was shown on my Canon Digital Rebel for my 512MB Viking card, which was half full with pictures. Fortunately, I just lost a few of pictures.  I tried to format the file; "Card Error" kept occuring on my Rebel.  This 512MB Viking card is now used for my data files.	0
I purchased this and am not impressed.  Note that "works with all click wheel iPods" isn't true.  It does NOT work with photo iPods (at least the 60 GB model). I'm on vacation and had to remove the cover to get it to fit.  I'm ordering a 'photo dock' since I can't see any way to get a cover that is made for the 60GB/photo model.	0
Heres a new one....I have recently bought two spindles of these discs, and my computer (Imac w/ Intel chip-hardly outdated) simply doesnt recognize them-like I never put in a disc at all.  The kicker is that this spring, I also ordered two spindles of these discs (exactly the same as far as I can tell), from which I burned one hundred discs (not a single faulty one!) for a freind overseas.  I have no idea what the deal is, but have a feeling that the issue is not the quality of the discs.  Anyone got ideas?	0
The card works as advertised but SanDisk does not send in Mail-in-Rebate. Even though I mailed it in with the UPC Barcode, SanDisk sent me a post card stating that I needed to resubmit it with the barcode. How can I resubmit when they already have the barcode?	0
I purchased 2 sets of these earphones for a 2 hour flight. My husband and I both used them, and we both took them out of our ears after 20 minutes. They were great at first, but after 20 minutes they really started to hurt our ears. The inside of my ears were so sore I couldn't even adjust the earphones when they started coming out, that's how bad my ears hurt. I had the foam pad over them too, and it made no difference. I would not recommend these	0
This was the worst purchase of any type of computer hardware that I have ever made. It felt very light and flimsy, the definition of cheap plastic. Not just the construction but the performance was terrible. It would work perfectly for about a half hour and then go on a break and do NOTHING for about 10 minutes. This was very very frustrating. Maybe I was just unlucky and received a defective one, but I wouldn't take that chance again.	0
In each pack there have been several dvd's that aren't any good.  Too many bad discs in my opinio	0
I bought the ADS upconverter because I bought a HDTV only to find out that my cable co. didn't offer HDTV and after 3 failed attempts to switch to a satellite provider that did offer HDTV (too many trees around my house).  I wasn't expecting the upconverter to magically turn my standard signals into an amazing HDTV picture, but for $550+ I was expecting the upconverter to do something that was actually noticable.  When I first turned in on I asked my wife to look at the picture and tell me what she thought.  She looked at the TV and said okay I'm ready turn it on.  I said "it IS ON!!" This is pretty much the reaction I had also when I looked at it.  The image I got for my digital cable was certianly different, but that's all it was, different.  It was NOT noticably better.  In fact, in some instances I though the picture was worse.  I called ADS tech support and they kept insisting I try it with my DVD because that is what the product is best for (even though that's not what I got it for).  So I did and to be honest I really preferred the picture I got directly from my DVD over the picture I got after running it thru the upconverter.  It didn't matter what display format I put it in it just didn't do anything to improve the picture.  Save your money.  If you can't get HDTV don't expect this box to give you anything close to the next best thing	0
I was impressed with the charger for about 1 month---than it stopped charging the NiMh batteries it came with.  I took it back to Best Buy only to find that ALL of the Rapid Chargers on thier shelf did not work either.  A sales person and I tested them all, hoping I would be able to exchange my broken one with one that worked.	0
I did not read the prior reviews, I bought this item & loaded the software that came with it in the sealed box from Target.com.   The MFG SOFTWARE disc contains TWO VIRUSES one in Quicktime & the other in Totally Hip files.  Target has been notified that the software is CORUPT with viruses & that the MFG has gone out of business.  This item is only useful as a drawing tablet thru other software programs like paint shop pro as there is no WEB SITE ACCESS or tech support available for this item	0
I just recently bought this and when I installed it Norton caught 2 viruses on the install CD.	0
I purchased this item and was excited to get them, but burning my first DVDs.. they're all coasters! ARG.. pass Memorex and go for a more expensive media, like Verbatim	0
As far as I can tell this thing doesn't work at all.  I have now tried it on 3 cds and it did not repair any of them.  I should have just replaced the cds	0
How do I assign a rating? As several other people have experienced, my unit is also DOA. I received it, plugged it in, pressed 'clean', and the motor started up. I popped open the cover, put in the disc I wanted cleaned, and pressed 'clean' again. Nothing. Terrible quality control.	0
It didn't work properly from the time it came out of the box.  The carousel wouldn't make a complete rotation, so CDs and DVDs would  get 'trapped' inside the unit.  And occasionally, it would simply refuse to play a DVD altogether.  Panasonic has directed us to a local repair shop, so maybe they can get it to function as it should.  If you do purchase one, please read the warranty carefully;  a defective unit will either have to be repaired or replaced with a refurbished one.  Panasonic informed me that they do not replace malfunctioning units with new ones, under any circumstances.	0
BAD DISC ERROR - possible fix	0
Hi! I bought my Cyberhome 300 in April 2006, and was able to set the region code to "0" to watch all DVD's.	0
This item worked for a while, but required fiddling (unplugging and replugging repeatedly) with the lighter socket each time I restarted my car.  Eventually, however, it blew out the fuses in both my lighter sockets.  Don't waste your money on this piece of crap	0
The product not only did not work but blew out fuses in my car.  The mechanic who checked my car out said the device had a dead short in it.  I have written to your customer service department and asked for money back but to no avail.  I will not purchase another thing from Amazon until my money is refunded	0
This unit failed to provide reliable power to my new Toshiba Satellite A60 laptop. It cycled on and off every 3 seconds. It powered a 100 watt lamp okay, but wouldn't start a 250 watt heat lamp at all. Product spec sheet says it can supply 400 watt surge and 200 watts for 2 min., and is rated at 140 watts continuous. My laptop power supply is rated at 2A input at 100-240 VAC, and if it drew 2A constantly I agree that it would need 200 to 230 watts, which exceeds the continuous rating of this inverter. However, even at that power demand the inverter should run it for 1-2 min., but only manages 3 sec.  In addition, I doubt that the laptop power supply actually draws a full 2.0 amps continuously. I talked to Linksys support, and they suggested returning the unit for replacement or refund, so I did. It did not work for me. Maybe it would work for a laptop that only needs 100 watts, but I wouldn't recommend it for more than that	0
I didn't notice any change in the operation of my cd writer after cleaning.  The cleaner was supposed to play music while it cleaned (30 minutes)  It didn't	0
When I first started using this, I loved it.  It worked fine in my car cassette deck and had decent sound.  In fact, I bought a second one for my wife.  Then, after about two weeks, it stopped working.  It would no longer play in my cassette deck, which ejected it as soon as I put it in every time.  I tried contacting Coby's support on the Web, but they were unresponsive.  Luckily, Amazon took it back for a refund.  Note that they no longer sell these directly.  Bet they had too many returns..	0
When this adapter first arrived, I thought it was great. The sound quality was excellent, and free of all the distortion and interference I get from using an FM transmitter-style adapter (there are few open frequencies in the SF Bay Area). The first day, I used it for about 20 minutes total (didn't have far to drive), and it worked great. The second day I had a bit farther to drive. After about 30 minutes, it quit. Hasn't worked again since.	0
This DVD player does play all types of DVDs no matter how you burn it.  But like other reviews, it stopped working after 3-6 months.  In my case, it was 3 months.  It just doesn't turn on anymore.  I unplugged everything and replugged it but it just went dead.  I don't watch DVDs much, so it's not like I overused it. Go with another model.  This one has problems.  I thought mines would be the exception, but I guess not.  And now I can't return it because it's been over 30 days.	0
The Panasonic CD player has a good sound quality, but does not automatically change from one CD to the next. It requires manual switching via the remote control to change from one CD to another. This feature was not explicitly stated in the specifications, and is misleading to a buyer who is seeking continuous playing of all five CD's	0
I've had the X2 for roughly 14 months. The X2 was used for watching movies (about once every 2 weeks) and big sports event (NCAA/NFL finals.. etc). The unit worked up to about 1200 hrs, then the lamp blew. I was hoping to get to at least 1500 hrs before the lamp went out.	0
I had this card for more than 6 months, and It worked super in my Canon Powershot A510. Transfers went well too. Then all of a sudden for no reason I kept getting "card error" on my computer and digital camera a week ago. My SD/USB converter couldn't find the card either. I had really good photos I wanted to transfer to my computer and now they are probably lost for good. What a joke	0
I found that these DVD-Rs did not work well in my system, were unreliable and slow.  I cannot recommend them	0
I have tried these dvdrs with the burner i bought from amazon and  they do not work, i will try them again and send an email to you.  I bought a few imation to try in the burner to ensure it wasnt faulty and they worked!!! what is up with these dvds?	0
I plugged my Nano into this charger for about 10 minutes and picked it up to check it out - it almost burnt my hand. My Nano is now Toast! I hope it just toasted the battery and not the whole device	0
I liked this when I first got it... very cheap, handy to travel with or leave at work, etc. After a couple months, it died completely... the little power light wouldn't even come on. I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
I purchased this wireless card based on the price, figuring that even if it didn't live up to the good reviews here, I would only be out ~$20.  The set up was easy and smooth, but the card won't stay connected to my wireless network.  I've got a Belkin wireless router.  The Trendnet signal meter generally shows ~95% signal strength, but the connection only lasts for a few minutes, and I have to keep cycling the connection to regain network access--very annoying.  I know there's nothing wrong with the network because my laptop's connection is stable.  I purchased a D-Link card, and it has worked flawlessly.  Unfortunately, I threw away the packaging when the Trendnet card arrived; if I hadn't, then this card would be on its way back to Amazon now.  Like the title of my review says: you get what you pay for . . .	0
I have many Linksys devices and this is by far the worst one. I love Linksys stuff, which is why eveything that i own involving networking is linksis. But this thing is a piece of crap and now i cant recover the 60 gigs of personal pictures that were on my hardrive because of this things format. Spend a little more money and get a dedicated Network Attached Storage hard drive	0
My company supplies these cordless headsets to its employees so I have alot of experience using headsets.  This is the latest upgrade and it is the worst unit I have ever used.  It works great for about 3 or 4 months on average.  After that, the voice unit stops working.  I can hear others speaking to me but no one can hear me.  I have gone through 4 of these units in 13 months and the longest lived unit lasted < 5 months.  One broke after < 2 months.  Other colleagues have complained about the same thing happening with their units.  After the experiences I have had with this piece of junk, I would never buy anything from Plantronics with my own money.  Avoid this rubbish	0
I'm a cartoonist. I need to be able to print color images for clients. I bought this printer two years ago from Staples, for $2500! Worked great for a couple months, after which the toner cartridges started leaking and the print quality rapidly dimished.	0
We've had this printer at my office for about 2 1/2 years. It's a giant waste of money. Magenta cartridges spew toner everywhere. Cyan cartridges streak. It's even worse when you use the manual feed. HP has no answers because they deny all the issues. HP's support is lackluster at best anyway. The first time when this machine was under warranty it took me three weeks worth of phone calls to get anything accomplished with them. Stay away from this printer at all costs. If you own one it makes a nice doorstop or paperweight. This is totally unacceptable considering toner and printer costs. I expect more from a product with the HP brand stamped on the box. To bad you can't give 0 stars	0
Obviously HP has a design flaw on the magenta cartridges. I have also experienced leakage from only the magenta (why only this one?	0
Powder from the toner cartridges get all over the inside of the printer and then ruins every page that is printed.  Every page that is printed from my printer has a greyish color due to the powder dirt inside.  It is impossible to clean it since the powder is everywhere.  The only way to get it clean would be to bring it to a car wash (obviously this would leave the printer with bigger problems than page color).  What a waste of money!!!  Good thing my office bought it and not me or I would be furious	0
We travel quite a bit, both business and pleasure, domestic and international... so the idea of a pocket wireless router was a God send.  We bought this one at the beginning of our annual leave (aka tour the US in a month).  We'd heard good things about the D-Link but with the rebates, this one was practically free.... there was a reason it's always on sale.	0
I hoping to use the WGR101 to provide wireless, encrypted access to two laptops from a wired ethernet connection in a hotel. It worked fine in single-user, no encryption mode but that is not what I needed. I experienced severe problems trying to use it in single user mode with WEP or in multi-user mode with and without WEP. One or both laptops would lose the ability to connect to the internet at seemingly random intervals. Sometimes cycling the laptop wireless radio would restablish the connection, sometimes I had to reboot the laptops, sometimes I had to reboot the WGR101, and sometimes I had to reboot the laptops and the WGR101. Stay away from this product unless single user, unencrypted access is what you need	0
My Sangean DT200V pocket radio failed after 2.5 years of infrequent use.  I kept it in a padded pocket of my briefcase where it experienced no significant shocks or temperature extremes.  It worked perfectly on the few occasions when I used it over the 2.5 year period, until yesterday.  The buttons, switches, and display still work perfectly, but only very faint white noise can be heard, whether via speaker or via earphone.  The volumn of the faint white noise is not significantly affected by the volumn control.  The batteries are new, and there is no corrosion from the previous batteries.	0
This has to be the worst keyboard I've purchased.  It's my first wireless.  I've used and sold several keyboards and none have fealt as cheap as this.	0
Though I like the keyboard, I've found two serious problems with the mouse.  First, it is very sensitive to movement.  I've tried making some adjustments but it is still difficult to control.  Finally and more importantly, the mouse burns a set of AA batteries about every 8 days.  I only use the mouse about 6 hours a week so I should be getting a lot more battery life.  I've bought other Logitech products and have been pleased with them but in this case I wish I had bought another brand.	0
NOTE TO EVERYONE WHO IS HAVING PROBLEMS WITH THIS CARD--I reformatted it in my camera and it works fine now!!	0
The first card I received was defective.  Even after formatting it in a camera, the image files could not be transferred to any of 3 computers with 2 different O/Ses via USB cable to the camera or card reader.  I'm waiting on a replacement.  Hope it works	0
I purchased this device to add to my wireless network, which uses a Belkin wireless router.  I had to connect the router directly to the game adapter since it could not be detected by my wireless router.  After configuring it, I could never find it once it was disconnected from the ethernet cable from my wireless router.  I made three attempts at customer service - my first call was disconnected after 20 minutes, the second call was working with a woman in India, who's headset had a ton of static to add to her accent.  I had to end that session because we couldn't hear each other.  I then used online chat, and after 90 minutes I still had not solved my problem, and that session was disconnected for unknown reasons.  The lady from India did mention that mixing their product with any other wireless router would be a problem, and now I believe her	0
DON'T BUY IT!   I bought a KOSS DVD player and it broke in 6 months.  I was told I was out of luck because the warranty is only 90 days.  They do not do repairs.  My only option is to buy a new one and wasn't even offered a discounted price for it.  I have seen several complaints like mine about KOSS on the web.  They make JUNK and they make it to last just to get past the warranty period and then it breaks.  Oh, by the way I loved it until it broke	0
I recently purchased a refurbished Toshiba Gigabeat F40 for about $150. Quite a bargain for a 40-gig MP3 player. However, upon reflection, I regret the purchase.	0
Even the slightest bump cause the casette to pop out and stop the CD. I will be returning this to Amazon for a refund	0
The picture shows the cassette feature along with the car kit.  The cassette did not come with the kit.  Very disappointed	0
I purchased this to have a stereo for my iPod for primary use in my office, but to take with me other places.  I have the 30 gig Video ipod - it fits loosly.  The entire system seems cheaply made.  As I mentioned, I wanted to use it in my office - well, at the lowest volume control, it is not very quite, so I would annoy my co-workers if I turned it on.  Bottom line - Save your money!!	0
I replaced a Siemens 8825 with the Motorola 7081 and was, unfortunately, really disappointed. The 8825 while rich in function, is quite lacking in quality. So what's good about the 7081 is:	0
After using RCA and Creative (both suck), I decided to try an iPod--this one since only a moron watches video on a 3-4 inch screen.	0
When I put this device in my mp3 player, I espect listen the music but I need a room completly silent and obviusly that no was my intention.	0
I was using this power cord in conjunction w/ the belkin fm transmitter during a recent 4 hour car ride. when I unplugged the ipod, it was incredibly hot, and now it does not work (I get the folder w/ the exclamation point on the display). I tried to restore the ipod, but it is toast	0
I was extremely excited when I received this product and have had good success with Samsung products.  However, when I made all the connections, the unit didn't work.  I was disapointed and frustrated.  All the connections and settings were correct, but it didn't work.  I have an older DVI connection instead of the newer HDMI digital connection.	0
This player worked for 2 months. Then all of sudden it started failing with "no disk" message. Please do not go for cheap players	0
I've had it for one week only and I'm using 3rd pair of Duracell batteries right now! I was using it for 3-4 hours per day (I have another mouse at work). Stayed switched off for the rest of the day in order to save batteries. Nice mouse when it works.. Mine is piece of junk, maybe the latest batch they've got was not up to standard. So I totally agree with Mr. Loftin.. And it's silver one in my case, not a black one I've ordered..	0
I can use it for about 5 working days and Ka-Put!  (Even though I switch it off when I'm not using it.)  There is no intelligible low battery indication or warning either.  Also when I changed batteries, the battery contacts fell out.  Poor quality	0
I wanted an original apple usb cord for my iPod, and the description said this is, but it isn't. So if you're like me and you want the original, don't buy this one	0
This product is not very good.  There is no display on the TV, just a black screen.  The remote, which is just a pause button anyways with no menu functions, does not make a difference because you are unable to see your small Ipod screen from far away.  The overall video quality is quite low, even with an s-video cable	0
Avoid this product at all costs!!!  I should've listened to the other reviews but NOOOO, I just had to see it for myself.  This product worked (barely) for 2 weeks then just totally died.  In the short time that it worked, the sound quality was just horrible.  No matter what free channel you play it on.  I have a good 40 mile drive one way (not city or metropolitan driving) and in that span, I'll have to switch channels between 3 to 5 times.	0
Not at all durable due to very, very cheap construction.  I had to massage my batteries to get the speakers to play.  A total waste of time to purchase, try to use and return.  Couldn't even give these away	0
I have a VOIP setup with voicepulse.  This phone works great as long as I don't assign phone numbers to the presets. When I do it stops ringing after a few days.  The lights flash indicating an incoming call and I can answer the phone if I notice the lights flashing but it doesn't ring. If I reset the phone to defaults, erasing all presets, then it works OK.   I got a new one from AT&T and it does the same thing.  I love the headset button to switch between speaker and headset. Let me know if you know a workaround	0
callers can barely hear me, even with the mic right in my mouth (volume adjustment on cord doesnt affect it).	0
This Item is not described correctly. This ITEM is NOT for Garmin c550 or Any of the C line. I had to returned it at my OWN EXPENSE. AMAZON please correct the description of the ITEM	0
On the back of the package it says -	0
I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this	0
If you have problems with your flash drive ( like I did) don't count on any technical support. Lines are all automated and wait is always over 20 minutes for live support. Not to mention that it disconects you when it is done telling you this. PNY tech support is a joke	0
I'm mad.  I bought this one to replace my old one.  This one and the other one are doing the samething.  I had a chat with an HP service helper and they determined that it was broke.  Their customer service is top notch thought!  They are sending me a new one for free and apearently I get to keep the ink cartidges for free because of my troubles	0
I like the Dish Networks technology and the potential that it could be.  One DVR which covers two rooms is great.  The picture is clear when it works.  The menus/programming are intuitive.  The pricing is reasonable.	0
This product stopped working a few days after purchase.  5 phone calls and 2 emails were not returned by SanDisk.  This product did not work as advertised and no technical support of any kind is available.  I would not buy this brand again	0
The Voice recorder meets all my expectations and more	0
All ports began running slow after just 6 months of use. Followed LinkSys RMA process and they sent me a hub in return by mistake. I followed yet another LinkSys RMA process and had to wait TWO MONTHS for the replacement switch covering their mistake. The replacement switch died after 1 week of use. The latest RMA unit ran excessively Hot until the smell of burning plastic left the air and then it would not power up. This is what I have learned about Linksys: #1) This should be a simple network pass-through device and it should not fail unless manufactured poorly - Linksys apparently cannot make a good one. #2) Do not even think about turning a broken unit into Linksys under their RMA process, they will simply send you a refurbished unit and it cannot be trusted. If these cheap switches fail they cannot be fixed and the original manufacture was flawed in the first place. #3) Choose a competitors product - I have had other brand switches running for years with no issues	0
Purchased this for my laptop (it was supposed to match the Rangemax modem).  The adapter was not being recognized by my machine, and I contacted customer service.   The customer service rep was obviously from India (suprize!).  Unfortunately my inquiry was not resolved and I returned the product back.   Probably would explore other brands next time around.	0
I don't like it because it is always saying "low power" and I do every thing it said to trouble shoot the problem with out and luck fixing the problem	0
I just purchased this mouse. It has a good feel. It does not scroll as smoothly as I would like. Contrary to what Microsoft says, the buttons are not programmable -- you have to select from a predefined list. I chose to use the small silver buttons on the side as "copy" and "paste". Neither one works.Another irritation, I am already getting a popup that says the "signal" is weak -- about 18" away, yet the menu says it is fine I got a great buy on it at OfficeDepot (half price), otherwise I would return it	0
Interference from other electronics is a severe problem - I had to return this item for a refund.  If you can locate it several feet from any other electronics, it might work for you, but who wants a phone that you cannot place on your desktop, near a computer	0
I am a LONG TIME pc user and pc gamer.	0
The ONLY reason i bought this unit when I saw it in the store was for the iPod controller feature.  I really looked forward to being able to control my iPod from the deck and hiding my ipod in my dash completely out of sight.  Boy was I disappointed!  The iPod adpater works and all... but barely.  It takes FOREVER to scroll through the songs, artists or albums.  Why the hell would Alpine put out a product that has an inferior scrolling mechanism and then lock you out of the iPod so you can't even select songs from the iPod itself?  I have over 3000 songs on my iPod... by the time I scroll to the song I want I've already reached my destination... and that's if I even find the song at all!  So now what I have to do is unplug my iPod, scroll to the song I want, then plug it back in. (Luckily the reciever continues to play whatever song was already playing when you plug your iPod in.)  But again... that defeats the whole point of having the controls built into the deck.  Bottom line, the iPod control feature flat SUCKS.  The deck features a "quick search" function... but it is uselss... it isn't used to search through artsts or albums... only individual songs and there's no way to skip 10, 20, 30 or 100 songs at a time... only 1 by 1... What's "quick" about that?   I have 3000 songs and hundreds of artists and albums and Alpine thinks I'm supposed to go through them 1 by 1???? Another annoying thing about this unit is that when you skip through songs while the iPod is playing, the display just says "song up" or "song down" instead of just showing the name of the damn song!  Who thought of that?  What possible help could "song up" be to anyone? Just show the name of the song while I'm skipping through... that makes more sense right?  There are a bunch of other problems I have with the practicalness of this unit when used with the iPod adapter and iPod... but the sound quality is great which is the most important thing... but then again... who cares if the sound is great when it takes you all day to find the song you want to listen to	0
I bought an Alpine 9847 and the Ipod interface. I works but it totally hijacks your Ipod. The beautiful intuitve, fast controls on the Ipod itself are locked out and you can ONLY control the Ipod from the car stereo. It is therefore very hard to deal with especially if you have a large music catalog on you Ipod. It is very slow, not at all intuitive. Even after getting used to it it is no good. The info on artist, album or song title imports from the IPod very slowly. Turning the volume knob is equivalent to circling on the Ipod but one turn eqauls about 3 spots on the list unlike one circle on the Ipod which equals dozens of spots on the list. Therefore if you have a large catalog you have to spin the volume knob 100 times to get thru a long catalog list which takes forever........Very annoying, very slow, very cumbersome. If only it did not deactivate the normal controls on the Ipod itself. A better and much cheaper solution is to find a car stereo with some form of line in, either stereo mini plug or RCA jacks. The just connect directly and use the IPods own controls which are infinitely better. I replace an old stereo to get the Ipod option and am very sorry I did so	0
The only thing this item is good for is charging your ipod.  The transmitter is so weak all you hear is static buzz with muffled music in the background.    Don't waste your money.  And, don't expect any help from the manufacturer who  refuses to answer emails or accept a warranty return.	0
Terrible Design did not fit my car's electical outlet, it does not work with my Jeep Liberty.  The jack construction is defective does not even power on	0
Mine worked pretty well for about the first 50 labels that I made.  Then the font size got stuck ridiculously small so that the message only covers about 10 percent of the tape surface.  If you want really small labels with a hard-to-read font size, you could use my PT-1750 to print them out and then cut down with scissors to eliminate all of the wasted label area	0
I just purchased this product. In the instruction manual, it states that only the Brother AC adapter should be used and any other will invalidate the warranty. Why is it that only a Brother adapter can be used when AC adapters are supposed to be standard? A tactic to increase sales? The adapter itself costs an additional 15 to 20 dollars. In addition, I agree with some of the other reviewers that a significant amount of label is wasted with each printing due to the empty space on either side that must be cut off. The 2 line printing does look very nice. I have not used many of the other features and so cannot comment on those	0
Don't even accept it as a freebie (as I did) unless you are prepared to pay $1.15 per sheet for color ink.  That was my experience with the first color cartridge, which was fully consumed on a total of 20 sheets, 12 of which were heavy color, the others being mixed color and text or very light color.  At $17.99 per color cartridge and $14.99 for black I calculate the outrageous, obscene $1.15 per sheet figure for ink.  This is about six times greater than the average ink cost for my old HP720c, which unfortunately does not work with my new HP Pavilion PC (no printer port on this model, among other issues).  I have vowed to not purchase any HP product in the future if I can possibly avoid it.  I just ordered a Canon Pixima to replace this ink hog.  On the positive side, the print quality is good, speed is excellent, and color fidelity is fair.  The software installed without incident, and the machine is easy to operate, but the HP software is overbearing and constantly trying to sell you something--worse than daytime television	0
Bought this all-in-one printer and the install disc was bad. Prints test page every time I turn it on. Won't print. Jobs get stuck and cannot cancel. Spoke with customer service for 1.5 hours! Yes, that long. They would not refund me and told me that I should have did a better job researching their products. They got that right. All I could get was a refurbished replacement that also performs like crap. HP has lost a customer forever, and I am making it my mission to share with everyone how terrible they are with products and customer service. Canon, meet your next customer	0
This bracket will not fit the eTrex Vista CX. This is because the battery cover supplied with the bracket (replaces the original battery cover to provide attachement lugs) will not clear the microSD card socket. This is very frustrating because the Garmin website even shows this bracket, part number 010-10361-00, in the eTrex Vista CX accessories list. So if you have a CX, don't purchase this item	0
The first few times it worked great, after that i haven't been able to use it, for some reason incoming audio is good but the mic does not work, i have to use my computer's which is anoying so i stopped using altogether. Waste of money	0
We have bought 3 of these VTech Phones for our house. Since the begining we have had battery problems. It is really annoying when you have to make a phone call and your phone doesn't work because of the battery.	0
It's not often I find a product that's as disappointing as this. The interference problem is very serious and makes most conversations a pain. Moving around the house and outside of the house, standing on your head holding the phone at a 45 angle, etc., are part of the daily ritual in trying to hold a legibible conversation.	0
I picked up this headset telephone because I am spending more and more time on the phone.	0
I had this for approximately 2 years. It worked fine for couple of months but suddenely started to activate the alarm without any disturbances. One day I left my laptop attached the alarm in my office for about half an hour. During this period, the alarm was activated and I was embarrased to face my office workers. This is without increasing the sensitivity of the alarm. I sent it back to Targus and they were nice enough to give me a new alarm. But after several months, it started the same problem.	0
I bought this item after seeing the almost uniformly good reviews including the one that says there is good Macintosh support.  Unfortunately the player does not work well with the Macintosh.  The included software often crashes and does not seem to be able to import DSS files.  The software can move the files between the recorder and the computer but the files do not appear in the software window.  The use interface is also fairly crude and looks as if it was ported directly from Windows 3.1.  The DS-2 appears to the finder as a standard USB disk and I have been able to copy the DSS files from the player to the compuer using the finder.  It is then possible to play the DSS files by double clicking them, but it will only play one file.  If you want to play another file it is necessary to completely quit the DSS player and relanch it.  Exporting the files to a format usable by other software such as AIFF is also nearly impossible.  There is an export function in the menu, when it is selected it asks were the new file should be saved but no file ever appears.  Unfortunately there is no other Macintosh software available to read or convert DSS files as Olympus refuses to allow others use the the format on the Macintosh.  Search of the internet reveals that others have found extremely painful ways of converting the DSS files such as playing the entire file and re-recording it with another program	0
Great sound, but the build quality is just not there.  On a recent trip to Europe, the left bud completely fell apart and the leads became disconnected from the bass driver.  They are only two months old and I always keep them in the case!  I had to solder it back together and then super glue the bud back together.  Since then I've also had to superglue the right bud as well.  Also, the cable sheath is fraying over one bud lead, revealing the fine speaker wire underneath.  I don't expect these phones to last much longer which is too bad.  They are great sounding and comfortable, but unfortunately they seem to have cut some important corners.  Be warned	0
These headphones are so expensive and they are aweful! I dont remember if it was the left or the right but one side of the cord is longer than the other; its very annoying! I tried to loosen it and the wire was showing, what a piece of s***. Its very annoying because the ear bud fell out when I listened to music and it doesnt feel comfortable. Also the rubber on the ear bud falls off very easily. They are too expensive for a piece of junk! The only reason I rate it two stars is because the sound is great on the headphones. Instead purchase the Sony SRF-HM01V S2 Sports Walkman Street Style Headphone Radio. I purchased those after these fell apart and they are much better :)	0
I SO wanted to love this thing. I have an iPod that I am seldom without, and my car isn't iPod compatible. I bought a Monster Wireless FM Transmitter/Charger so I could listen to my music on the way to my class reunion. Unfortunately, the thing just didn't work for me.	0
If all you want is a carrying case that is transparent and UNABLE to use the stylus with the case closed, then this is the perfect item for you(sarcasm).	0
I bought this even with the bad reviews. I have one of it's predecessors, a black one and it worked fantastically for 5 or 6 years. It still does but the on/off button finally died. I figured... how bad could it be? The one I have worked great until now.	0
Product is light duty,  over time it will not hold up to being flipped and opened often,  If longevity is your goal purchase elsewher	0
From the photos and specs I thought this was "the camera" to have (both my wife and I loved the look of the camera from the photos we had seen). There's always exceptions to rules, and the rule, "the more you pay, the more you get" is the exception to the rule for this web camera. After getting it, I had difficulty in getting the software to load but eventually had success. I was very disappointed in the video quality. There seemed to be a lot of noise in the picture, and tweaking gave no improvement. I returned it to Amazon and took a lose in the return shipping cost, but considered it worth it just to get the price of the camera back. Amazon lived up to their part and refunded the price paid (less return shipment) with no hassle	0
this webcam is not compatible with acer ferrari, with windows xp. I don't know why. I just returned it	0
If you got a crappy brand TV like the Samsung the East Meadow guy got, you might need a super-expensive cable like this to make the image quality acceptable, but if you have a namebrand TV like Sony or Sharp or Philips or Toshiba or Panasonic, a $15 HDMI-DVI cable totally suffices.  This Monster cable is no better than the $15 guy (also available on Amazon, just search for "hdmi dvi cable").  Don't waste your money	0
I have a Canon S2 and these batteries last almost as long as the cheap costco non-rechargable ones. They do take upto 8 hours to charge and Amazon is correct about that. Does anyone know of good long lasting 2500 Mah rechargable batteries?	0
I HATE DESE KIND OF PHONES. DAY HAVE EM AT MI SKOOL N DA R TURRBLE. THEY HAV OK SOUND BUT DAY FEEL TURRBLE LIK PUTTIN TOO MUCH PRESSURE ON UR EARS. THEY F--KING HURT DOG. DON'T GET DESE, GET SONY H.EAR DOSE R ALWAYZ DA BEST	0
These seemed like good headphones at first - but problems with portablity were huge!  The sound was good but 3 months into ownership one earpeice died so the phones are useless!! NOT worth spending time and money on these phones	0
Not a particularly easy lock to use (combo part rotates freely when not in computer, making it difficult to set the combo). Also changing combo is very easy to do accidently. However this is usually not a problem because it is incredibly easy to figure out the combo. I am not a professional lock picker, and I am able to break the combo without any difficulty (which is a problem with many low quality combo locks, but this design try to avoid it at all).	0
Like other people here my lock spontaneously changed its combination on me....Surprise!  My laptop is currently locked up at my desk at work which ruined my day and is ruining my night.  Another stressor I do not need to deal with...do not get this lock if you value the mobility of your laptop over a theft deterrant	0
Wiring broke at interface box - poor design	0
I read all of the reviews here and thought these would be the best option for easy transport AND low ambient sound i-pod headpohones without breaking the bank (I'm on a plane frequently). I wanted something that I wouldn't cry over breaking or losing during my many travels. I found that the uneven cord lengths are very irritating- especially if you like to use only one plug (like maybe at your desk at work). The weight of the shorter cord pulls on the longer cord and it is quite uncomfortable- even when sitting still. So then I thought these will be great workout headphones (won't be upset if I break or lose them), HOWEVER, the cords produce noise in the ear pieces everytime they rub on your clothing or your hand. The effect is very loud and disruptive to your music listening experience (even when you are sitting stationary at your desk). It is similar to wearing a stethescope, which defeats the point of wearing in-the-ear headphones (which are supposed to reduce the ambient noise). I do not recommend these headphones, because of this stethescope effect- I could get over the uneven cord lengths for certain uses (they are after all designed to wear behind the head). I'm on the hunt for better quality headphones	0
I like this style of headphone radio (especially when I jog), and haven't found any similar models that I like. This is my third purchase of this radio.  Each of the three have had problems.  First died completely (although it was used a lot).  Second still works, but last number doesn't show up on digital display.  I wanted a backup in case second died, so I ordered another one.  This third works least well of all.  At times, entire display is off, radio doesn't work at all, or it won't change channels.  Then other times it worked. Seems like might be affected by heat outside. However, I know have another persistent problem.  That being, it won't let me program the preset stations.  Again, I'm limited in my choices, and I use this type headphone a lot.  So I suffer through poor quality	0
Agree with the prior reviewers.  I can not get it to retract any longer and that was only after 3 uses!	0
I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this	0
This mouse was barely functional.  It did move the arrow across the screen, but it was in a very random fashion.  I went to the Macally website and downloaded the latest drivers.  Still no luck.  I'm sending this back.  Guess I'll have to stick with my reliable Kensington. Too bad it's so ugly and doesn't match my ice keyboard.  Oh well... function over form	0
The product description for these speakers is misleading. They do not plug directly into a DVD player or game console. Then, after buying the adapters and doing the initial setup, three of the five speakers did not work. Perhaps these speakers are a good solution for PCs, but that's not why we bought them, and we immediately sent them back	0
Isolation:	0
I bought these to replace the standard iPod and Sony ear buds.  I was under the impression that I would get a much deeper bass response.  I was wrong.  The bass reproduction is simply horrid.  I read somewhere there is a "break-in" period.  I have found this not to be true.  They sound just as bad after 50 hours of listening as they did brand new.  This is my first pair of Sennheiser and am very disappointed.  I know they are low-end headphones - but I expected more.  My recommendation is to keep researching	0
Cons:	0
Item was advertised as white, but it was really grey. As a result we had to return item and assume the cost of mailing it back	0
I bought this phone for use in my home office based on the rave reviews on this site for its speakerphone.  Unfortunately, I have had nothing but repeated complaints that the voice is distorted or goes in and out, with the beginnings and ends of sentences frequently cut off.  I am in the market for another phone after just 2 months	0
During the installation of the software on my PC running Windows 2000 Server, the installation program froze my PC completely. I had to turn off the PC, and now it does nothing when I turn it on. The lights on the front light up, but nothing happens at all. I called Netgear, waited on hold for 15 minutes, and then was connected to a gentleman whose English was not very good. I explained my problem about 5 times before he seemed to get it. He told me that the problem is that the product is not compatible with Win 2000 Server. I told him that I had never before encountered a piece of software that ran on 2000 Pro, but not 2000 Server (perhaps there are some), but he insisted that this was the case. I explained that, typically, installation programs that encounter and incompatible operating system would display a message to the user, and exit, rather than freezing and disabling the computer, but he held firm, and advised me that there was nothing he could do to help, and that he recommended that I contact my computer vendor so that they could restore my initial configuration.	0
I am totally stunned that this could be sold as iPOD compatible.  Nothing, absolutely nothing, works as you would intuitively think it would.  Pause does not pause, forward arrow does not forward to the next track (just starts the same track over and over again), and heaven help you if you actually want to find a specific song or artist.  There is no way to actually speed through a menu - you have to advance one artist at a time.  This is fine if you love Aaron Neville but chances are you will be in a limb severing accident if you are trying to get to ZZ Top.  I am taking this back tomorrow and demanding something that will allow me to control my iPod again from my iPod	0
I guess for $50, this is an ok product.  I am usually very against monster products, but I'd seen this for almost double at big box retailers, needed a surge protector for my new DLP tv, so figured what the heck.  It arrived without incident, I hooked it up and so far so good.  It basically a power strip with labels that also happens to be purple... for the "neato" effect I guess.  Anyways, no idea if its worth more than your run of the mill surge protector.  But the claims of independent circuitry to minimize cross-interference is what I was really interested in, as I have my reciever, cable box, DVD player, and subwoofer all connected...  All in all a good buy I guess, at least you paid a lot less than retail... :	0
I bought one of these a few months ago. It worked perfectly with my old Thinkpad, but not long thereafter I got a Thinkpad T60, thinking, "Hey, universal means universal, of course it will work". But no: SIX MONTHS after the T60 was introduced, Kensington STILL hasn't gotten their act together to produce a "SmartTip" for it. They haven't even added Lenovo to the list of manufacturers on their web site! All Customer Service can say is that they don't have one, they don't know when or if they ever will, and they suggest that I check back on the website someday if I still hold out any hope. So, I have a $100 brick on my hands. Very disappointing, Kensington.	0
I wanted to get something better than the standard earphones for my Ipod.	0
dvds are less than 30 dollars now with 16x speed	0
Then buy these Ridata Disc	0
Bought 100 DVD blanks - so far every one a coaster.  Never had this kind of problems with any type of discs.  Tried different software and burn speeds but nothing good.  Very disappointed - at least they were cheap (...).	0
I am looking for a system to replace a Siemens 8825.	0
it did not work at all and Amazon would not take it back saying it was my responsibility that it did not work. I would never buy this or any other product from this seller	0
I was excited about consolidating 3 remote controls I regularly use plus my fan and light controls.  However, the Harmony 890 has proved to be a big disappointment.  I was much better off with the 3 remotes I was using before.  It was much simpler than fooling with the Harmony remote which requires so many key presses for basic functions.  I never have been able to get the Harmony to control the fan and lights.	0
Before you buy this drive, be sure to Google "Cypress AT2LP RC42" and "western digital".	0
While convenient and a nice, lightweight unit, the voice pickup is very poor, regardless of how you adjust the set.  This is not only with the set I have used, but with others I have talked to - you can tell if the person on the other end of the phone is using one of these units because they are so faint.  I've gotten so I just ask if they're using a Plantronics CS50 when they are faint and the answer is invariably "yes".  Also, if you are in a building with a lot of exposed metal (window/door frames, high cubicles with lots of metal), the range deteriorates significantly	0
For some years I tried this and other Monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in Monster a/v gear. The more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the Monster label. Specifically, this s-video meets no NTSC, DVD or IEEE standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. Has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. Makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? Amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? I removed every piece of Monster from my system and replaced them with AR, Belden, Viewsonics and others from Amazon. Result: vast improvement in every respect.	0
I recently purchased this item from Sharper Image and was very disappointed.	0
I bought this adapter along with the Linksys WRT54GL Broadband Router.  I managed to set them up and install them properly.  (The best advice I got from the "Home Networking for Dummies" book was to get a 100 foot Cat5e patch cable so that I could put my router in the place I where I wanted it, and hook it up with a wired connection first.  I actually only needed a 50 foot cable, and got it for $20 from a local electronics supply store.)	0
I have owned the TomTom Navigator 5 for almost a year now.  While the program is well thought out and provides a good function, it does not work well with my Tungsten T5.  I have contacted customer service 4 times now and they have always been helpful in trying to fix my issues (listed below), but to no avail.	0
Essentially once TomTom has your money they're finished with you . . . until you want to spend more money with them.	0
The TomTom Navigator is a nice enough device, until you get to the Maps activation. The Maps activation? Why should I have to activate my maps if I have paid for the product? Good question, well, I activated these maps on one PDA, and within 2 weeks my PDA died and I had to obtain warranty service. Well, I decided that I would upgrade to a new device and then sell my old device when I got it back from the manufacturers (I tend to switch my PDA every 3-4 months anyway).	0
I agree, this is a flimsy piece of plastic that will not hold the GPS unit over a few little bumps. I expected more from Garmin. Consider this: Touratech Mount for Garmin 60C series. Its a solid unit. It costs a little more but you won't be replacing your GPS unit due to it falling to the ground.	0
My company car has a built-in GPS unit and I have gotten to like it, sort-of.  I have gotten lost in a rental car trolling around Silicon Valley enough to get a portable GPS unit.  After some research, the Garmin iQue 3600 is what I ended up with and I paid about $700.  The unique feature of this portable GPS unit is that a PalmPilot comes integrated into the package.   I use a PalmPilot, so this GPS unit replaces my PalmV.    Installation was quite awkward, and getting it up and running was a chore.   I got the thing synced up and some maps loaded and have been using it for several months now.  It does do the job, fitfully, and has several glaring issues.  Most irritating, the Palm function and the GPS function are not seamlessly integrated.  If an address is entered in the Palm part and then route to this address is selected, the iQue 3600 makes you find the location.  But the address from the Palm section doesn't transfer cleanly into the find section and you must retype the address.  I'm left-handed and graffiti has NEVER worked for me all my letters are drawn backward.  The GPS can be engaged as soon as it recognizes where you want to go, but my unit takes a good 5-10 minutes to find the satellites when first exposed to sky.   This means that I must have a good idea what to do for the first 5-10 minutes.  Sometimes I just drive randomly until the GPS locks in and starts to issue navigation orders.  Also, the antenna must be deployed to get any GPS reception and must be forward enough in the windshield to see sky.  This is OK, except that the iQue 3600 doesn't tell you that the antenna has not been deployed.	0
Summary........good idea, very poor implementation.  Good software and easy to use, major problem is reception of radio stations.  I live in a major metropolitan area and have to practically stand on my head to get the radio shark to get clear reception (even with a plug in antennae)	0
The price on the cases is cheap but you get what you pay for.  I will never buy these cases again.  Quite a few of them were broke when I got them.  Even the ones that weren't broke are made of VERY flimsy plastic and I have a feeling they will break if I open them very often.  They also don't open and shut very easy.  Look elsewhere for good cases	0
I bought this and I'm sorry.  It sounds horrible.  Don't waste your money because you'll just have to buy another one anyway for any true enjoyment.  This crap is barely good enough for my bathroom	0
They sell these at almost every dollar store, sure the sound quality might not be quite as good, but you're going to have signal loss whatever you hook it up to. These things sell for $1.50 CAN at  dollar stores and are worth every penny of THAT pric	0
Alright before I begin let me just say I know quite a bit about wireless networking.  I had already connected 2 wireless pc's to my 128 bit WEP encrypted router.  I had initially set it up as WPA but opted to change it as this hunk of junk doesn't support WPA.  This card will detect your network no problem, just try connecting to it.  Apparently I am typing in the wrong WEP pass.... I can assure you I am not.  Perhaps there is an issue between Micro$oft and D-link I am unaware of...go figure.  I do not have the time nor patience to deal with Micro$oft's customer support regarding this issue.  Back to the store this goes.  Do yourself a favour and do not buy this	0
Microsoft has never failed to disappoint me, (I suppose there is something to be said for consistency) and this carries on that somewhat dubious tradition. I bought this with a the MN-700 wireless router, and both worked fine for a couple weeks. However, they both conspiratively proceeded to stop functioning. This card was the most maddening of the pair, because it would find the wireless network every once in a while, yet refuse to connect. I've tried every channel, and made sure its on infrastructure mode, but it still refuses to work. I suppose I deserve it, though, expecting that a microsoft wireless card would connect to a microsoft wireless router with a microsoft operating system. Do yourself a favor and buy your wireless networking from a decent company that has some expertise in networking, like Linksys or Belkin. Whatever you do, give as little money as possible to this shoddy company	0
I returned this product after a week - it was difficult to manage, the screen way too small to read (and I have 20/10 vision!) and just a very disappointing product overall.  Do not waste your money.  I ended up buying a Samsung and I couldn't be more happy	0
I just purchased this printer last night at BestBuy and took it home. When I removed the contents of the box, I noticed that the USB cord was not in there. I read the directions and said that you had to buy the cord separately. I couldn't believe it. So, I went to the store and bought one. This cost me an additional $11. I went home, installed the software and plugged everything in. I printed off a few things and it looked great. Today, I went to use the printer again and the power woudn't turn on! I disconnected then reconnected everything and still no power! I tried several more things and still couldn't turn the power on. Now I have to return it to BestBuy. This was the first and last time I will ever buy anything from HP!!	0
We purchased this system less than two years ago.  It has seen light to moderate use.  Several days ago, the speakers started intermittently cutting out. This afternoon, the subwoofer popped several times--then caught fire!  Fortunately, my son was able to extinguish the flames before much damage was done.  Beware!!!!	0
I do not recommend Sennheiser's MX75 headphones.	0
I bought this TV for my husband to take hunting but we can't get very many channels and the ones we do get have a terrible picture.   The TV is an awesome size and the design is really nice with a good size screen.  I didn't hook to cable so that may improve the picture but we don't have cable.  I tried programming the channels from two different locations 20 miles apart from each other.  I tried programming with the antenna on the TV and with separate rabbit ears.   It would only pick up one of the three local network stations.  It picked up maybe 8 other misc stations which aren't popular.   I couldn't get a good picture on any of the stations and I tried adjusting all the menu items, brightness, hue, etc.  It didn't even have a good black and white picture .... it was like a white screen with blurry images in the back.   Sooooo, sooo disappointed because I wanted to be able to use this at work too.	0
I wanted a keyboard that I could use in low light with both my PC and Mac, and this one is reasonably o.k. Those users who enjoy the backlight of a Mac PowerBook or MacBook Pro will be disappointed by the cheap approach Saitek used to illuminate the keys, though. On the Mac, each key has its own embedded light under the key. On the Saitek light is splashed under the entire keyboard, reducing the contrast and making it much harder to see the keys.  But it's better than nothing, and is helpful in low light. It would have also been nice if they had an Fn key, but such is life	0
I purchased my Fuji CompactFlash xD Card Adapter elsewhere and it doesn't work in my HP officejet 7130 all-in-one.  It won't load in as it's supposed to but will fit correctly backwards.  Except then I get an amber light that says there is a card error.  This is supposed to work with my all-in-one but it doesn't.  For that reason, I'd give it a zero star rating if such a rating existed.  I'm going to take this CP version back and hope the more updated CPF version works.  I'm a travel writer planning to take my own photos to go with my articles, but I'm getting nowhere fast with this card adapter that refuses to work properly.  This one is definitely a thumbs down.  However, this is my first dud Fuji product I've bought and I love Fuji digital cameras	0
Mine worked fine for about a month before it stopped working. dealing with D-Link isn't a pleasure either.	0
IF YOU HAVE A TEKXON DIGITAL CAMERA DO NOT GET THIS because when you put the memory card in and you turn the camera on the screen goes black!	0
My brother got a Lexar for Christmas.  He put it in his Tungsten C and for 30 stressful minutes the card did not work.  The device recognized the card, but you could not copy, format, nothing... just got an error "This card is read only and cannot be <whatever>."  Then all of a sudden it started working.  2 stars for the stress and for the fear that it will stop working again	0
Everything your read about the picture quality is true... however, this product just isn't reliable.  Cost me another $600 to get it fixed and it isn't even 18 months old. I am sure I am not alone since you can see these on that famous auction site may with similar power issues.  Customer service from this company is also very poor. If I had it to do over I would not have purchased this product and I probably should not have spent the money to get it fixed. I think it will be just a matter of time before some of these 5 star reviews begin to change their tune	0
Like most have pointed out, it's a digital signal and there's no need for all the gas-injected, gold plated, shielded stuff monster cables hype.  For analog signals this stuff absolutely makes a difference because analog cables are highly affected by outside EM interference.	0
Bought this and plugged it in and backedup some files, went to transfer them to another computer and the drive was dead, I treid a few computers and no of them could regonize the drive. I guess I have one of the many "bad ones"..	0
Others have written about this phone not holding the charge, and I agree! I can't tell you how many times a call has gone dead in the middle of a conversation, with no warning, no low battery message. I've only had the phone since November. There is not a quick, convenient way to redail numbers--you have to choose from a list of options, 1-plus number, or the area code without the 1, or no 1 and no area code. No easy way to speed dial. Range is disappointing. I'm looking for a new phone. Back to Uniden or Panasonic	0
After burning one coaster, I thought, it's just a fluke. I'll burn my first DVD in no time. I was wrong. After updating the firmware on my new Plextor DVD burner and downloading the latest version of Nero 6, I burned two more coasters.  Don't buy these unless you want pain and frustration	0
Plays fine on the first layer. But picture will freeze during layer switch. I either have to stop or skip pass the chapter but picture will be jumping and pixellated, pretty much unwatchable.	0
Dissapointing. The sping-loaded connectors at the back of the selector are not particularly strong, so thick or rigid cables under tension (e.g. twisted at odd angles) easily slip out. The depth of the connectors is also not great, so wires cannot be inserted very far to compensate for the lack of traction. Connections might be better using Monster Cables' own Angled Gold Pin connectors, but I didn't try those	0
On the good side, it was easy to set up, and worked reasonably well if the phone (tried both cordless and corded) was plugged directly into unit. However, I could not get it to work on other phones in the house when I used the jack to plug it into the wall per the instructions (so it would work like a land line on any phone in the house). I do not have a land line, so it may just need a land line to work since you are supposed to be able to switch back and forth. I even tried disconnecting the line outside the house but that didn't work either.	0
I bought this a few weeks ago so that I could connect a cordless phone to my office computer and use Skype for my calling.  When it works, it works well, and the sound quality is fine.  Unfortunately, much of the time, it doesn't work.  It drops calls at random.  Customer support is dismal, I emailed them several days ago and didn't even get a response acknowledging the email, let alone a solution to my problem.  Just now I have tried reinstalling the drivers but that seems to be failing.	0
the connection keeps coming loose and now it doesnt work unless you hold it in place - useless and a waste of mone	0
I really wanted to like this mouse but so far it has given me nothing but grief. If you plan on leaving your computer on for extended periods of time and then coming back to it to do some work you may find that your scroll wheel no longer scrolls pages. I have had to on several occasions unplug and replug in my mouse in order to get the scroll wheel working again. This is absolutely UNEXCEPTIBLE Logitech! What happened to Logitech? You used to be able to count on them for quality products now I am wondering if I should switch back to Micro$oft products. I may give the Micro$oft Laser Mouse 6000 a try and take the MX 400 back	0
Like the forward/back buttons but they are located too far back on the body for comfort.  Like the scroll wheel and side-to-side scroll ability.  Pointer flickers a lot sometimes and often disappears over certain buttons.  Logitech website gives no help.	0
I have the same issue as "Misleading Item Description" below.  The only reason I bought this is because I thought it was the complete set.  What good is a headset without the base?	0
I bought this Rikaline GPS 6010 a month ago. I tried to make it work for hundreds times, but it only worked once. Evertime when I turned on the GPS, it was always telling me it was initializing and then it just stopped working.I hate this thing because it embarrassed me before my friends.	0
Mine actually works and I still hate it.	0
I bought two of these cards to go alongside my wrt54gs. I though that they should work great together since they are from the same manufacturer. Oh boy was I wrong.	0
I got this toy for Christmas. Ilove it. I abanded this toy,and it got some brudle hits. It was still alive! Know I keep safe becuse I don't want it to die. I don't think this toy is a wast of money.Mine is ginger. It came with a silver/grey newborn kittin	0
These speakers are o.k., but don't expect high sound quality (I bought these as refurbs, so maybe that is it, but when you turn up the volume, they don't sound good - I'd recommend going to a store and testing units before buying new).  Also, probably the biggest failure in my opinion is that they appear to be line of sight - that is, they fade in and out when you walk around the room.  This should not be a problem on this low bandwidth (but it is), perhaps the antenna needs a boost	0
Too much static with snapping and popping - even after making all of the adjustments possible. The speakers are ONLY 10 feet away from the transmitter but still poor-to-marginal sound quality. Don't see how these could work 300 feet away(?) I do NOT recommend this product	0
Cheap piece of junk. Probably has 2 cents of electronic parts in it. I'm returning it to Wallmart. It might work OK if you live like right next door to the broadcast transmitter. Otherwise it's just too weak in its signal pulling ability. Also, when I turn the gain dials, they don't seem like they are really variable. I think they are really just on/off switches disguised as variable dials, because i don't see any difference between medium gain and high gain on any of the channels. I'm going to now go to a REAL, serious electronics store and look for some SERIOUS tv electronics hardware instead of Wallmart garbage. I'm going to work on improving my roof antenna and its cabling and I'm going to try using a variable gain preamp if I can find one (a high quality one, not junk). I tried a preamp from Wallmart (which wasn't adjustable at all) and it did help a lot with UHF channels, but the VHF channels were much worse because it made the signal too strong. So I need a variable gain preamp, assuming there is such a thing. I would advise everyone to go read the information available on the internet about tv antennas and how to get the best picture with them. I did yesterday and there's a lot of good stuff I never knew before.	0
I live in a particularly bad spot for TV reception and have been forced to use cable. This antenna brings in several local stations but the quality of the picture is unsatisfactory. So, unfortunately, for me it's either back to cable or try an amplified outside antenna.	0
Yeah, they claim this thing works with MS Powerpoint. But what they do not tell you is that it only works with PART of Powerpoint. It only works in Slide Mode. It does NOT work in Presentation View mode. Of course, most of my presentations are run in Presentation View mode.	0
I wish the description had beem better. Somethimg like THIS PHONE NEEDS ANOTHER UNIT TO WORK! People who have never seen an expansion phone can be missled like I was. Returned item	0
The Antenna did not work at all! Save your money!	0
I recieved this unit 3 bussiness days after I ordered it. Fast shipping.	0
Phone seemed nice but I bought it to hang on a wall and it wouldn't due to manufacturing.	0
All I wanted was something to make the incoming audio louder while listening to a call and typing during an interview. I couldn't find just a headset amp so I purchased this "system" based on Plantronics' good name.	0
I never even got a chance to listen to music through these headphones.  I couldn't get them to stay in/on my ears.  The loops that go around your ear are huge and just make them more cumbersome.  These may fit men with bigger ears better but I wouldn't recommend them for females	0
I like the color and sony's technology of the earphone itself.	0
The device is well built but has one major flaw.  The adhesive comes in 2 types, "removable" and "permanent" types.  Neither adhesive would stick to the dash of my Jeep Liberty.  I'm not sure what I'm going to do with it now, it appears as though I'm going to either have to find a more permanent mounting solution or find another type of adhesive	0
After two weeks of use, I returned the mouse because 3 out of 4 times I tried to make a right click, it would not work. I eventually got frustrated and decided to return it.	0
I had high hopes for this headset.  I found that I could not hear anything when I attached it to my Treo 650.  The Treo uses a standard plug.  I verified that my Treo is working by attaching a stereo headset	0
My friend bought one and I tried to set it up for him.  Let me tell you, this thing is pure garbage.  I spent a good hour and a half trying to get it to work.  I tried to set it up using 2 laptops which were set up exactly how the booklet outlined.  The direct ethernet connection wouldn't work and connecting to it through wireless was spotty at best.  I could sometimes get into the setup page through wireless, but all of a sudden the setup page would stop working.	0
I got this print server about a month back. Initially it took me 4 hours to get this thing installed and running in the wireless mode! After I got it setup, it worked fine for a week. But, then the wireless connection with the print server got flaky, so I switched to the wired mode. All was well again, but then after a couple of weeks the wired connection got flaky. It stopped printing and didn't recognize my HP-1200. After fiddling around with it for a few hours I finally got the contraption working again.	0
This thing does a horrible job at detecting wifi networks. I have to be within 10 feet of my router to get a 50% signal (even though I can walk out tot he edge of my house and easily still get a good connection). If it does detect Bluetooth, which half the time it doesn't (regardless of it being active), it cancels out the wifi detection. So if you have a bluetooth headset, and you're talking, the thing will just let you know that yes, there is a bluetooth device around. Thanks. I was wondering	0
My husband bought me this for Christmas because we were moving to a new city. He picked it out because unlike Garmin and Magellen it was created from the ground up for use on the road. The features are easy to use, the directions are great and when you need a new route because of roadblock or traffic - it really comes up with a great plan. However - my first one lasted 3 months before it died, I then replaced it with another one and it died 3 months later as well. I was very reluctant to buy a different brand - but had to for dependability. I still don't like my Garmin as much - but at least it works. Come on Tomtom - get the electronics working as well as the maps and directions	0
I'm a longtime user of Wacom Intuos tablets and I was looking for something similar with wireless capabilities for my new dual 2.5ghz-G5. There were no wireless Intuos products available at the time of purchase, so I went with the Graphire Bluetooth. Unfortunately, the product leaves a lot to be desired and after a couple of weeks of use, I plan on returning it. The major problem lies with the pen--both in design and responsiveness.	0
I know that everyone else seems to love this, so perhaps my complaint is more about Apple in general. My Ipod Mini (pink)is a lemon. The battery has never worked properly. It takes longer to charge than to discharge, and my current playing time per charge (no changing settings, not backlighting, nothing but hitting play and waiting till the battery dies) is about 2 hours. Apple will gladly sell me a new ($70) battery, but other than that tough. It is apparently my fault thet they're selling shoddy products. I'm not saying don't buy it. There aren't realistically any better choices out there than the Ipod, but buy it when you have a week to sit around and evaluate it and when they get around to opening a store near you. As for me, I think I'm going to dig out my old discman	0
I returned this thing the day after I bought it.	0
After only a couple of months of light use, the sub woofer started making loud thumping sounds and the system stoped working.  As soon as power is connected to the sub woofer, the loud thumping starts.  I exchanged the system and the second set had the same problem after 6 weeks!!  A total piece of junk	0
While a nice product packed with great features when it works, the bottom line is that it does NOT support TWAIN drivers, meaning you can not scan through ANY application other than ScanSnap. BIG MINUS.	0
Just plugged it in and I'm ready to ship it back. Creates an annoying, high pitched buzz	0
I was hoping that by getting this I'd get a decent flow of air and i'd be able to use it anywayer. But I was sorely dissappointed. It doesn't give much air and all the air you get you need to be close to feel... plus its too loud to use in most places...	0
The battery life for this phone after one short year is abysmal.  After charging it all night, it dies after a few hours of nonuse.	0
We bought a set of these phones because they looked nice, and because AT&T is a reliable company. But these phones are the worst. After having them for about 3 weeks, we began having terrible results with the volume/speakers in the phones. I took them back, and got a new set. These lasted about twice as long, before the battery life just became worthless. We are unable to leave these phones off the hook now for any extended period of time - say, 1 hour. And you can't talk on the phone for more than 30 minutes or so before the battery dies out, and takes 6 hours or more to get back charged again. And yes, we followed all the directions for letting the batteries charge, and all that kind of stuff. Still...I have never used a more frustrating phone, nor will I ever purchase an AT&T phone again. I bought a new phone today, and once fully charged, I will take these AT&T phones out back and smash them with a hammer	0
I have to agree with many others about the poor quality of this phone. The battery life decreased rapidly and after several weeks I was forced to keeps both phones on their chargers. Instead of gambling on replacement cells I bought a Panasonic phone as suggested by other disappointed AT&T model 2255 buyers	0
I also was suckered in by the Monster name. I have an older Sony adapter that I've used in the past with no problems but couldn't locate it right before a road-trip, so I bought this one also. This actually sounds substantially worse than my actual cassettes (even though they're all over 10 years old).	0
I attempted to use this product in my 2002 Chevy Tahoe factory audio system. As others here noted, the deck would quickly error and eject the Monster Adapter. The Monster Adapter did work in my 2000 Harley Davidson FLTRI factory audio system. The difference is that the Harley unit does not have "cut-tape" detection. The Tahoe does.	0
I lost my adapter that came from Walmart and was a generic brand.  It worked perfect.  This thing was expensive and it didn't work at all.  I'd have to turn the volume on both the ipod and stereo all the way up and then I'd get some sign of life, not anything you'd want to listen to. It's worst than even the worst RF transmitter I've ever tried.  Don't waste your money, believe the reviews	0
I bought this unit a couple of years ago based on its features, but soon discovered that it can't normally do the one thing that all GPSs should, tell you where you are.  I used my e-Trex Vista for about a year and half and would estimate that I spent 10% to 15% of the time staring at some type of lost signal message.  The unit is totally useless under any type of tree cover and often has trouble holding a signal anywhere on overcast days, which means about half the time in the Seattle area where I live.  I would not recommend this unit to anyone but my worst enemy	0
I had this GPS device for only 3 days and found it to be no better than mediocre.	0
Garmin's devices are pretty good. Somewhat tempermental, but mostly reliable. It's connecting their software and dealing with Garmin support that is a nightmare. And, you will need to call them because their software has all kinds of bugs and an archaic key system. Customer service hold time: 30-35 minues. Response time for  email tech requests: a staggering 5-7 working days. Clearly Garmin does not care about its customers	0
When these headphones are working, they are great. I never have trouble receiving sound. They are amazingly comfortable. Great battery life, and batteries are rechargeable. Long distance is great too, I can walk throughout the whole house on multiple floors without any trouble.	0
After having an experience with slow startup speeds (and actually freezing a computer) with the 1GB Cruzer Micro with U3, I feel compelled to write this negative review. The mere existence of a software layer to access the flash drive defeats the main purpose of existence of flash drives: a fast and higlhly compatible interface. Any hidrance to this convenience makes the device a liability. I work at an educational institution wher I am responsibel for organizing presentation sessions in which speakers often bring their presentations in a flash drive. As a matter of policy, we will not allow speakers to plug in to our computers devices that run any kind of software in the background	0
I bought the Cruzer Micro not knowing that it came with the U3 Launch Pad software preloaded. As soon as I tried to use it on my computer at work, the company's anti-virus/firewall decided it was an intruder, preventing it from working at all. I was ticked... I had almost given up on it and was actually shopping around for another USB drive that had no software on it, when I ran into a website that lets you download an uninstaller for the U3 Launch Pad. I downloaded it, ran it and it took no more than 15 seconds to clean out the offending U3 garbage! Now I like my Micro Cruzer all over again! Oh yeah... the website to uninstall yours at is: [...	0
I wish I had read the reviews before buying this piece of junk. As another reviewer says, U3 ruins it. I have a Mac so that feature is useless, but even worse it cannot be disabled. Everytime I plug in the drive I get this cheesy CD image cluttering up my desktop and I have to eject it, along with the drive icon, before the unit can be removed. What clunky engineering. I'll be returning this and scratching Sandisk off my list of reliable companies. I also agree with the reviewer who complained about the packaging. It is impossible to open without tearing it apart, which is probably a strategy to reduce returns	0
Spare SD card slots molded into the lid of this case prevent it from closing completely around the Tungsten E. You will see a noticeable gap around the bottom edge of the closed case. Slight pressure on the latch side side will cause the case to pop open unexpectedly in purse or brief case. I returned mine to Amazon a few days after receipt; still looking for an alternative	0
With a destructive toddler in the house I like to back up my DVD movies.	0
I bought this thing becuase I use voice recognition with my computer and I'm on the phone quite a bit. it was supposed to eliminate the need to for two head sets.  With the amplifier and the plantronics headset to go with it The total cost came to around $200. Yay!	0
Just a fair warning to all out there considering this card.  After purchasing this card it worked great.  Then in the middle of my friend's wedding the card no longer was readable by my camera.  I could not believe it!  When I got home I put the original card in the camera and it worked fine.  I reformatted this card and still the camera could not read the card.  Not worth the money for only one years use	0
I have the Canon Rebel.  I had the same problem where files were corrupted.  Also, when clearing the card, some pics stayed filed.  I am not happy with this flashcard at all.	0
It doesn't work properly.  I can charge the Ipod but it doesn't let me sync.  Sent an email to the seller but no answer so far!	0
DO NOT BUY THIS CRAPPY PIECE OF JUNK!!	0
We needed to know if this unit (Philips DVD 782C) was compatible with DVD+RW disks so I Googled it and found this Amazon listing.	0
Unfortunately my wife and I purchased this "product" without reading the posted reviews here. ALL are entirely accurate! I cannot calculate how many hours I have spent trying to figure out what is wrong. No loading, skipping, freezing, not OPENING when it freezes, all down the line, combined with 100 trips to and from the video stores to exchange their "defective" DVDs. My wife was firmly of the belief the DVDs were just "dirty" but I finally decided (this agrees with one of the reviewers) there is a balance problem in the drawer. When there is a no-load, jiggling/adjusting the drawer sometimes (not always) fixes it, but only until the next time, and will not stop the freezing problems. If my wife had a dime for every time I said "this thing is a piece of @&*!" she would be a millionaire. This is very late but if this product is still on the market in ANY form stay many miles away. And Philips' arrogant lack of response (as reported; I have no personal experience here) is virtually criminal in this day and age	0
For some years I tried this and other Monster products, to the tune of over $1000 in Monster a/v gear. The more you learn about video and audio, the more you'll avoid anything with the Monster label. Specifically, this s-video meets no NTSC, DVD or IEEE standard; it is common 30-ohm hookup wire with ineffective shielding and a poorly designed, low-conductance connect plug that can wreck your input jacks and gives poor grounding. Has a sharp image, but includes a catalog of chromatic aberrations from off-color skin tones to color blotching, dirty grays, burned highlights, murky shadows, noisy reds, and poor color balance due to impedance mismatching that results in cyan errors and bleeding reds. Makes video test patterns look great, but who watches test patterns all day? Amazon offers many other brands at good prices, why waste your $$ on this stuff? I removed every piece of Monster from my system and replaced them with AR, Belden, Viewsonics and others from Amazon. Result: vast improvement in every respect.	0
~I bought the MVSV3-1m cable and put it between my Pioneer V555 DVD player and SONY WEGA tv KV-27FS12, I was unable to see with my naked eyes any improvement regading the visual quality, color, sharpness. Same as the result as I used the composite cable came with the box. I really don't know why. I have to say, my TV is a good one and the picture quality is already satisfactory even I don't use DVD player. Unfortunately my DVD player does not have component jack to let me try the next level video~~ experience. I don't want to say this expensive cable is a poor one, I was just unable to verify its alledged ultra high performance. we just don't have a benchmark to evaluate it.	0
I bought these headphones based on the first couple of reviews I read here.  I should have read further, because about two weeks after I purchased the earphones, the left side went out completely.  There was nothing obvious on the outside of the unit and I didn't hear any "rattling" as described by other users.  The darn things just quit!  I must say, however, that the sound quality for those first two weeks was excellent, but all in all, not worth the money and frustration	0
Cowon aka iAudio have the worst customer service of any other major company I dealt with. No phone support, they have an 800 number but when you call it they direct you to their website. Their website support gives you the option to submit a ticket or Live Chat. I waited over an hour on their Live Chat before I get a message saying that Live Chat is not available at this time. I submitted a ticket & guess how long before I heard a response. & the response was "ship the item back for a refund". I also tried to download the latest firmware and the link was broken. I heard a lot about how bad their customer service was, but when I tried it myself it was even worse	0
These batteries are NOT sold by Amazon.  They are sold by an Amazon re-seller called Electrogalaxy.  Please read the reviews of this company before purchasing.  I do not recommend this company due to their poor return policy and terrible customer service.  You have been officially warned.  DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM ELECTROGALAXY	0
I went and got this keyboard after the first one broke.  I found the keys were re-arranged.  Instead of hitting home - I wound up deleting my work.	0
Problem #1 - out of hte box, these units are assigned 192.168.0.10 as an IP address.  find if your network is on the .0 subnet.  So I had to change my entire network over to this in order to get it configured.	0
I have a D-link router, and I couldn't even get this thing to connect wirelessly.  It works if connected with a ethernet wire, but that isn't really the point, is it?	0
I bought this unit over a year ago and still haven't figured out how to work it. I have used the D-link wireless router with no trouble, but no matter what I do, I can't get the print server to work properly. This is after hours with their customer service people and doing everytihing possible. Based on other people's reviews this unit actually does work. It just hasn't for me.	0
After 3 hours of banging my head against a wall I finally called Tech Support.  They finally figured out that this is not compatible with multi-function computers.  You can learn that on their support website but no-where in the standard documentation that comes with it	0
Before you buy anything from Creative, google the words incompatible + legacy drivers + sounblaster + windows xp	0
I bought this machine based on the good reviews I found here. I have had it for one month and it does nothing but jam.  Now the two week return policy at the store has expired and I am left with a jamming piece o' junk.	0
I am shocked by the amount of positive reviews on this site.  Let me tell you about my experience.  I bought this machine in June of 2005.  In one year, I have replaced this machine THREE TIMES.  All three times, I got error messages that the toner cartridge was out (Toner Life End) even when new toner cartridges were put in.  I do give high marks to Brother for its customer service, though.  Each time I had a problem, I called and they sent out a replacement by FedEx along with materials for me to send back the broken one.  But when the fourth replacement arrived last week and I turned it on and got an immediate paper jam message, I had enough.  I had a similar issue with a Brother mutlifunction machine I purchased around the same time.  I am done with Brother products	0
I ordered this keyboard/mouse combo and it turned out to not be blue tooth, so I returned it.  I'm sure it would have been great if I had used it but my Mac has blue tooth and I thought I was getting a blue tooth kbd and mouse.	0
I purchased this for my Intel iMac mainly because I was so frustrated with the Mighty Mouse.  I wanted something with two separate buttons.  I had tried the Logitech MX 610 (which I purchased as well for another computer) and thought that the ergonomic shape felt wonderful.  So, I purchased this desktop set because I wanted it to match my Mac and so I could have a proper 2 button mouse.  I figured the Mac keyboard could use improvement as well so the keyboard could come in handy as well.  In fact, I thought I would get added convenience since this was a keyboard designed for a Mac and had extra shortcut buttons.	0
Love this phone.....if only the Caller ID would work!  It worked fine on day 1, day 2 worked on and off.....day 3 Caller ID not working.  Tried moving the phone to different outlets, removing the batteries & putting them back in, tried new wire etc.... The phone works great otherwise.  Loved the Caller ID when it was working--much larger than most and easy to read. Oh well	0
After having my old phone for 40 years I bought a new NWB phone due to remodeling. It lasted 5 months. You cannot get through on their help line and they do not answer their e-mail. Buy a NWB phone at your own risk. I had to buy another phone--AT&T and it works fine	0
I am comparing these transfers to the HP transfers for colored shirts.  these require a reverse image and are just not user friendly.  after three unsuccessful attempts I just went back to the more expensive HP's.  The transfers did not adhere well and would flake off in little chunks even before you tried to wash them	0
These sound awful. I'm embarrassed to admit I spent 140.00 on these. The earphones from my 1989 sony walkman are far superior. If you like your music to sound as if it came from the bottom of a well then these are for you.	0
Bought these pretty cheap, from woot.com.	0
the toshiba vcr combo arrived, and was quite light in weight. it hooked up ok, but the orange (nice color) display, constantly stayed on zeros, and the vcr played tapes so bad, there was always a white static streak across the screen bottom. i sent it back after trying a few tapes (all tested poor.) better to get a good vcr for good vhs picture display quality	0
I bought this unit because a DLink Sales Rep said it would be perfect for my application. Hah! It doesn't work at all (I hope Amazon will let me return it). The first thing I had to do was upgrade the firmware - no instructions on how to do this, but for the uninitiated: you have to download the .ftp file from Dlink, move it to the Dlink Firmware folder on your computer, then get the AP Manager to see your unit (that's another story involving IP addresses - again, no help from the install documents), and then you can install the update. I finally got the DWL-2100AP to see my network, but never could get it to talk back - it just sent gibberish. The Net tech and I worked on it for most of two working days, to no avail. Spent a lot of time on the phone with the DLink tech staff too, where everyone involved said we got some bad dope from the sales staff, but that we might get it to work, provided it is compatible with the existing equipment blah, blah, blah... My assessment of Dlink and the DLINK DWL-2100AP? Poor pre-sales support, poor post-sales support, confusing tech support, and poor documentation/install instruction for a product that may be (but then again, may not be) compatible with your existing equipment. What's up DLink	0
when i got the moniter i said it was cool and alright but whe i plugged it in it did nat work and i was angry.i tried again but it did not work so i tried to send it back but it was to much of a hassle.i decided t see what was the problem and send it to a electronics store and the told me the the ic was bad.the only thing i could have done is to buy a new adapter.so i paid 800 trinidadian dollars to get it to work.i was furious	0
My family and I just relocated 3 states away from our extended family and wanted to get a good webcam to keep intouch with everyone and let our 2 year old see his grandmother once and a while.  When I saw the Microsoft LifeCam at Target stores and that it was compatible with Windows Live I thought it would be worth the $100 price tag to be able to keep in touch with family.	0
Dont microsoft ever send their software thru Quality Assurance checking? They asked me to install a windows update (KB something or the other) saying that it prevented the software from running at 100% CPU usage. Lo and behold, it still gets stuck!! Task Manager dutifully reports that it is after all consuming all resources	0
I've found these headphones to be highly overrated.	0
In terms of sound quality, noise cancelling, and general comfort - thise headphones are top of the line. I absolutely love the way the sound and the ammount of noise cancelling that they provide. I used them regularly when mowing the lawn and when flying, and I always recieved the highest quality sound and noise cancelleation. I was even able to listen to drum-n-bass while mowing the lawn and hear all of the appropriate frequencies on the low end.	0
Someone previously pointed out that these earphones did not filter out the highs well. It may be the highs all I know is the only thing it seems to filter well is my wife and kids voices and allow in every other ambiant noise around.	0
I got Avaya RoadWarrior up and running on my computer to use when I work remotely. My co-worker told me to get a GN Netcom headset but I figured I'd save some money and get this one. Big mistake.	0
It failed Dragon Naturally Speaking's sound tests, tests easily passed by the cheapo mike included with the program.  And just try to return it.  Antonline stonewalls, Plantronics doesn't respond at all	0
Gave it one star because there was no option for zero. Died after two days of use, would not turn on or reset. Previous Zen Nano, same thing after six months of use. I guess that would be my last Creative product	0
The first warning sign is that the drivers are not Windows approved and unsigned. Their installation instructions advise you to ignore the warnings.	0
THE ROUTER CARD DOES NOT WORK, MY OLD ONE WORKS WITH THE NEW ROUTER BUT THE NEW CARD DOES NOT WORK AT ALL, SO I NEED A REFUND FOR IT, OR A REPLACEMENT, THANKS	0
I bought it with my Linksys WRT54GS Wireless-G Broadband Router with SpeedBooster. The software installation procedure is really poor. When I ran the software first few times it constantly gave me error messages (can't remember what they were) so I had to reinstall it 2-3 time till it settled down finally. Then I set up the network settings with my router and scanned for the access point (Infrastructure) but it couldn't find anything even though the router was only 5-7 feet away! At one point it managed to connect to the router but it was still searching for the internet connectivity.. After several minutes it couldn't find anything and disconnected from the router. I knew there was nothing wrong the router or internet because I inserted my old Belkin adapter and it connected straight away!	0
This product keeps changing home addresses; none of which are the address I typed in the initial field. It does not stay charged so that it is actually able to function as advertised if you are gone from home any length of time and you put your dog in a yard.  Additionally, gravity takes it down to the lower neck area in common use so that when the dog is doing normal dog things, the device sinks downward so that the antenna is pointing toward the ground.  The pictures are misleading.  We tried all of the advise the company gave us. It's just not a device that works when and where you need it to work.  It was a lot to invest to have this many problems.	0
... it's called a leash. Or a fence. How about keeping your pet safe the responsible-- not to mention cheap-- way.	0
A nice device, but Microsoft didn't include software that encrypts the fingerprint image. Although very difficult to do someone *could* steal your fingerprint. To be safe I would not use this fingerprint reader for password protected websites that contain sensitive information or for network admin or computer BIOS privledges	0
This camera had some nice features like the ability to write to a network storage device, smart motion detection, etc.  The recorded videos have their own codec so you can use it or d-vix.  Some videos are unreadable and if you dig deep enough, d-link has a utility to make them readable.	0
Camera will not stay up on wireless network with Dlink router! Firmware has some serious issues. Dlink support was worthless. I returned the camera and bought a Panasonic and never looked back	0
It would be really great if Amazon and other resellers did a better job outlining which accessories were compatible with which products.  This is stated as a CF Type I card yet this does not work with a Nikon Coolpix 4300--another, more expensive Kingston card, must be used	0
I have several pairs of portable speakers for my laptop but forgot to bring them on a recent trip and bought these based on the glowing reviews posted here. However, when I received the speakers I found that they are much larger in size and much lower in both quality of build and quality of sound than for example the Creative speakers. They have a huge and unstable footprint when opened (about 9 inches long and one inch deep) and are not particularly compact when folded either. The sound is not rich and they eat batteries amazingly fast, then begin to buzz. I do not recommend these speakers	0
I bought this for my 5g Ipod. I drive a late model Subaru with the lighter switch inside of the ashtray console. Firstly the transmitter was completely dangerous to operate while driving. Its impossible to use in Park and Neutral in my car. The controls are bulky.  The transmission cut out in mountains, on hills, and on the highway whenever I drove over 60mph resulting in my ipod starting and stopping because it shakes and wobbles in the console.  In short, it hardly worked and I was afraid to touch it while driving, lest I'd knock my gear shift out of place. Its cheaply made and all in all a complete piece of junk.	0
Worked well for a while ( 2 weeks) , the sound always had static, later the sound went really low and then it just died	0
I have the same problem some other reviewers had: the audio was extremely low unless I manually adjust the cassette.  It's not that easy - you have to stick your finger into the cassette slot while the adapter is in there, and wiggle it forward and backward until the audio adjusts.  But that doesn't always work.  If that doesn't work, you then have to turn your hand over and use your fingernail to catch a ridge on the adapter and lift it up a bit.  I'd rather not have an accident on the highway by either (1) fiddling with the audio, or (2) smashing the adapter into little pieces while I drive.	0
After using this sd card only twice, it can not be recognized by any of my card reader. Totally a waste of money and time. Do not buy pny brand	0
I had DCS-900W from the same product line. It craped out after 9 months, and now I am on the fifth call to try to resolve the issue and get it shipped back. I don't know where their support is located, but the line quality is very bad, they ran the same drill over and over, but just don't want to issue you an order for you to ship back.	0
Yesterday was the annual Thanksgiving sale day. I got this 1G CF card from Staples by $40 after easy rebate. With this price, I think it is a great deal. However, it worked for my digital rebel only half an hour before it was DEAD. All my photos in the card were lost. I am a graduate student majoring in computer engineering, I know how to recover data if a hard drive fails. But this time, I find I simply can't help. Fortunately, Staples have a good return policy and I just returned it without hassle. Hopefully, this is only my case. My suggestion: make sure your dealer has a good return policy before you get this item.	0
Of course as all things computer related, as soon as this was purchased the price dropped drastically.  Unit works great but buy the 2 gig.  More bang for the $	0
The card failed after 23 pictures.  Amazon credited me with a full purchase price credit to my credit card account	0
I was on hold 50 minutes, 52 seconds before anybody answered.  I heard "your call is important to us" at least 100 times, which wasn't very convincing	0
I bought this reader for my laptop since it didn't have USB 2.0.	0
Note: I am fully aware that compact flash cards have a maximum sustained upload speed which caps off the potential speed of the medium it is being transferred on.	0
and the worst part is that I'm actually glad about it!	0
I bought this keyboard/mouse set hoping to consolidate most of my wireless devices onto a single HUB and standard.	0
Speaking from real experience, don't waste your money buying this cable which makes absolutely no difference from a cabe you can find with half or less the price. I bought a few top of the line monster cables once I got the top of the line SONY XBR960 HDTV. Later on I switched cables around, with other brand, cheaper component cables such as Philips PTS1000 (the HDMI standard owner by the way), and also other HDMI cables (even no name brands coming with my DVD player). You know what? I see absolutely no difference even under close examination. The SONY XBR960 produces the finest pitch you can find on any TV. You think about what that means. Stop buying this ridiculously priced cables, and save your $$ and buy somethinfg else on your shopping list. Digital is digital. Don't let monster mislead you that their cables produce more 11010 ... than others.	0
Basically a nice phone, BUT:	0
I purchased the Kensington after my casette adapter developed an annoying wheel noise. I heard and read a lot about the problems with FM transmitters, like static and audio quality but the Kensington was the best rated unit.	0
I had a Monster iCarPlay for some time and had givben it to a friend. So when I was looking for a new one i thought I'd try the Kensington.	0
Using this in my wife's Expedition is very annoying.  For some reason the cord must be placed in exactly the right position or static will drown out the music coming from the car's speakers.  Note that no other electrical devices in this car (and there are a lot of them; she got every option available with the car) misbehave at all.  I would not repeat this purchase, not can I recommend anyone else buy one of these.  I only gave it two stars because with continual minor effort it can be made to work acceptably - however, fiddling with the cord while driving is certainly NOT a safe practice	0
NEW are notorious thieves in the consumer electronics repair industry.  I personally submitted for repair both a $1,600 video camera (Sony DCR-PC5) and a car CD player (a Sony CDX-C90, a $1,200 in-dash top of the line unit.  If you've heard of it, you know what I'm talking about).  I was told that the warranty did not cover what was wrong with my video camera (some ambiguous statement about logic board, power unit, etc. failure followed), and would have to pay ~$780 to have it fixed.  I naturally refused, and was forced to keep my dead 4 month-old handycam, an unfortunate testament to some of Sony's now widely publicized QC issues.  The reason I did not send in the camera initially has to do with the fiasco involving my CD player.  I was told, explicitly, that if NEW could not fix it, they would either return the unit or write me a check in the amount of $1,000 (not even enough to cover the cost of the player).  As an added insult, when they indeed could not fix the unit, they KEPT it, and I NEVER received a check!!!  Simply outrageous!  Blatant theft, and I'm not the only one who will tell you a story about NEW and such an act.  They are IMPOSSIBLE to get ahold of, and literally take your money and run/disappear.  Don't expect to ever hear from them, should your camera stop working, and good luck getting ahold of them if you happen to send it in beforehand.  Chances are, you will have to eat the loss, as I did.  This product deserves a negative star and should come with an automatic refund.  I seriously thought it was a gag when I saw NEW was in charge of the coverage.  What a joke!  Whoever runs your company, NEW, ought to be both ashamed of themselves and held liable for all the countless damages and losses they have caused.  The whole lot of you belong in an unfriendly prison	0
I originally placed my order with my a digital camera and this four year service plan. Three days after, I had to cancel my digital camera order for personal reasons. However the $161.80 total I spent on this warrant did not refund automatically and nor have I received a confirmation that it will be refunded. After several phone calls and emails of providing information for the requested refund. They finally tell me that it will take 8 weeks for my refund to process. That is two whole months. Horrible service I can't imagine how long it would take for them to either repair or replace my camera should it have faltered. I would not recommend this four year service plan or any other plan by N.E.W. Customer Service Companies to anyone	0
The sound is really great, but there is one problem with this headphones they keep falling from my ears no matter what rubber caps (they come with 3 different sizes) I used. The design flaw makes them unusable for me	0
The absolutely worst headphones I have ever had.  Trying the different sizes, the earplugs just don't want to stay in my ears (even standing still).  The headphones that come with the I-Pod, and the earlier version of lanyard headphones were both much better.  The sound was fine, but not any better than the standard headphones.  A poor product.  I was very disappointed, as I have had good experiences in general with Apple in the past	0
Ok, after reading the multiple good reviews on Amazon i persuaded myself to buy these speakers thinking some people were just pessimistic. Ok, i got these and immediately put a pair of batteries in. These things sound absolutely awful, it goes about the volume of someone quietly talking and the sound is distorted and fuzzy, forget about any bass. Absolutely do not buy these things. Oh yeah, whoever has been rating these things as good must be working for sony or something cu these things are terribl	0
To anyone who may like these, I am sorry to learn about your hearing disability. The T33 looked like a nice little package, but I thought, "How could it possibly sound even acceptable?" I hoped for a Sony surprise, but it didn't happen. When I returned them later that day, the clerk asked,	0
I was excited about these headphones because Creative usually has great products.	0
I really wanted to like the TomTom Navigator 5.	0
It is not as good as recommended. The image is really unclear when the light is not strong, and it's totally white under strong light. The contrast is low.	0
At the moment I am in the middle of a 3-day ordeal sorting out Outlook 2002, which comes with the ipaq.  Outlook 2002 has many many many known bugs (which only now I find out) and I can't for the life of me figure out why HP would ship it with their hardware.  DO NOT INSTALL OUTLOOK 2002 on your machine.	0
I'll admit, I'm not the techno wizard some on this panel seem to be, but then again, I don't believe you should have to be to operate what should be something simple, like a handheld computer.	0
I like the light that goes on when the phone rings but that is about all I like about this phone.  Friends tell me I sound like I am under water and I have had to terminate many conversations due to static and interference.  One friend insists that I have a microwave running as we speak.  I am actively looking for a new set to buy because these are worthless	0
It looked flashy and well-conceived on the web shopping sites that featured it; however, after setting up Panasonic's KX-TG5576M, I'm underwhelmed...    First of all, even in this day and age, it's not Mac-compatible (though the Pansonic Call Center Representative had assured me, after checking with her Superior, that it indeed was.)   So,  I cannot comment on downloading ringtones, wallpapers, etc.   (Meanwhile, these mobile phone-like features were the main reason I wanted this particular cordless phone).	0
I cannot recommend HP to anybody anymore. The company introduced regional coding, which means printer cartridges from one region cannot be used in another. For most this is probably not an issue, for those busily traveling around it is. Also, it is an issue of principle, its bad enough for DVD, but printer cartridges? HP has introduced this rather secretely and if you don't read the box cover etc very carefully, you may not notice. The main issue is in Europe. I got caught out. I bought a 3 catridges overseas - I could not use them on my HP printer. I asked for a refund, HP Email Support (US) was nice but ineffective. HP Customer Support (Europe) was snotty and very rude. I think HP does not care about its customers and this cost me over US$75, almost 50% of my printer (my sixth and last HP). Don't buy HP	0
I cannot review this item since I have not received it so far at the shipping address I gave Amazon when I did the purchase.	0
I agree with the viewer preceding me. Very tinny. The ones I was using from my old computer sound 100% better. These are a complete waste. Two stars because I do hear the music but it sounds awful	0
These speakers were a major disappointment.  I have speakers that are about 5 years old, and wanted to replace them.  But these Sony speakers were AWFUL - the sound was tinny, the bass was almost non-existent, and the sound was probably worse than that coming from my built-in laptop speakers.	0
These Ear Buds are large and hard. They have sharp edges and hurt my ears. I have large ears and large ear canals and wear other earbud type headphones all the time which do not bother me. These were not only painful but did not enhance the sound, but actually reduced it. This product should be taken off the market	0
Using Rechargeable AAA batteries, with the Battery Saver feature turned on, about two hours. Sometimes I get more using alkalines, but not much more. Honestly, this unit is worthless, because I can't trust the batteries.	0
This did not live up to its price or my expectations.  I walk to work and there was static on both AM and FM -	0
Takes 3 AAA batteries that in our experience run out too quick. Other units we've owned have lower battery drain. Also the LCD display has poor contrast. All in all, I'd buy another one that costs a few bucks more	0
I ordered this charger a month ago. Since, they've sent me three chargers all the same, all wrong. They've sent me the shuffle charger three times in a row. Don't waste your money on this product, for a few bucks more you can get a company that will actually send you the right product the first time	0
Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline.  Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective.  This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again.  Consider yourself warned	0
I purchased a unit recently and after a couple hours tinkering with it, I couldn't get it to work.  I called Actiontec/Vosky support and spent almost an hour on the phone with them.  They advised me to uninstall their software and Skype and to try reinstalling each product.  When that didn't work, they told me the product was defective.  Unfortunately, they refused to take it back themselves and made me deal with the Seller (ANTOnline.com) first (not a very good seller, btw, as they gave me a terrible time when I tried to return the defective product).	0
If your cars Dash is curved or sloping, this mount will not work. Did not work on a 1988 Mercedes 300E or a Daewoo Lanos. It might work if you have a perfectly FLAT dash. I had to return the item as it did not sit properly. Even the slightest touch from a finger would make it slide down. Those of you who are clean freaks like me, BEWARE. Products like armour all which leave a protective coating on your dash will further reduce the grip of this stand! I would not trust a $800 piece of equipment on an unreliable stand like this when even a slight touch of a finger can make it slide down. What about jolts and bumps while normal driving? I did not wait to find out using my $800 GPS as an experiment	0
I bought this to run ethernet into my daughter's room.  The powerline etherernet works flawlessly, I've had it up and running for six months without restart or problem into three other rooms.  The wireless module however tends to overheat and drops the network after 24-48 hours of operation, so she has to unplug it every time she is done with the network, and plugs it back in whenever she wants to connect.  I am going to upgrade her to another wired powerline ethernet module	0
I posted a review two weeks ago, but it hasn't appeared, so I'm trying again...I bought this lock two years ago.  It has always been difficult to remove.  (Note:  despite what some other reviewers seem to think, it does NOT have a motion detector - that's a different lock.)  Recently, the lock decided to remain firmly inside my iBook, despite my efforts to remove it.  After a fruitless call to Targus's customer support, I finally got it out.  That took over 30 minutes of struggle.  My next step was going to be purchasing a hack saw.  Apparently, the Targus lock is not a good fit for iBooks.  I'm going to send mine back and demand compensation.  If you own an iBook, I strongly suggest you buy a lock made by someone other than Targus	0
We drink a lot of coffee all day, every day.  So we decided to convert to a thermal carafe coffeemaker in order to keep our coffee hotter and fresher-tasting.  We first bought the 10-cup Capresso MT-500 which we loved except for the carafe which leaked slightly.  The coffee was perfect everytime and the taste great.  Unfortunately the control panel burned out about a year and half after we bought it.  So instead of another expensive Capresso replacement, we decided to try a Japanese model which we thought might be more reliable.  We have been using the Zojirushi for 2 weeks now and it works perfectly.  No leaks and it just feels more mechanically reliable than the Capresso.  Unfortunately, there is no water filter system in this model compared to others (we had taken this for granted and not checked for it).  And no reuseable metal mesh filter (that I could find on the market) instead of paper filters.  The water also does not seem as hot when it goes into the coffee grounds.  We are not sure why our coffee just doesn't taste very good anymore, but we definitely have noted a real sharp drop in taste quality.  Today, we pulled out our very old Krups ProAroma model and have noted a definite taste improvement.  We will use this and the Zojirushi thermal carafe until we get a new Capresso coffeemaker replacement.  Don't waste your money on this Zojirushi model unless you don't care about taste.  It was money thrown out the window as far as we are concerned.  Even mediocre coffee beans are too expensive to use with this machine	0
Everyone has already covered the basics, so here's the highlights:	0
I purchased this unit not for gaming, but for making PC to PC calls.  Here are my observations:	0
The headset sits on the back of head, which is ok, however due to large ear rests it feals awkward and uncomfortable. I was not able to use volume control, as the headphones were only audible at higher volume level.	0
I have been using the Palmone Navigator with my TX for about eight weeks.  Most of my comments are based on a comparison with the built-in navigation system in my Lexus.	0
The GOOD news is that this is a full featured GPS solution that is easy to mount in the car and can navigate to contacts in your address book. Maps are detailed and the POI (Point of Interest) database is fairly extensive.	0
I have a 5gb but a lot of the H10's are having the same problem.  I can play all of the songs that I owned myself but everything through the subscription service has run out and can't be reinstalled. I've done a little research about the disappearing MP3 player and it appears to be a problem that is affecting a lot of the H10's and 1 other model I can't remember right now and iRiver can't figure it out; although I've been told they are trying desperately to find the bug....So buy with caution....	0
I went looking at Fry's for a mapping software and bought this before looking online at reviews.  I'm now stuck with a bazillion (ok, just 17) CDs and a product that takes minutes to load once you initiallize the program.  I still can't figure out how to access any info on Hawaii or Alaska and I'm waiting each time an average of four days before "tech support" haha will write me back.	0
Sorry, the speakers don't attach well, and the quality of these stands is not what I'm used to with a Bose system	0
these cds burn fine BUT they won't play in most cd players.  I've tried it in two car aftermarket cd players, brand new mazda, and a brand new F1500 - they all did not read the cd.  Most computers can read them, but other than that they are not very usable	0
For over eight years (nearly 9), I had an Acer 17" CRT & loved it. I use a KVM to switch computers, & the CRT kept all of my adjustments for that computer, every time.	0
The keyboard with this set is flimsy and cheap feeling.	0
Ive had this unit for over a 1+ year and ran into problems with reception it would drop signal and it would eventual come back.  I found out that this unit had a defect and the xm rep said I could get a replacement for $50!!!  They didnt figure to tell anybody about this?  If this is true I would not recommend XM Radio at all.	0
I have to admit, the price of this item got me.  It's now 40 bucks down the drain as it has failed to work completely.  It worked for about 8 months but was very fuzzy.  The quaility was that of an AM radio station.  Recently, it quit working altogether so now I am back in the market for one that will work	0
Unfortunately the item didn't work.  The company offered to replace it but I just decided to pay more and buy locally	0
It is an okay printer (I haven't done photos yet) and pretty fast but I have to change the cartridges every 3-4 weeks. This is just home use I'm talking about, not business use.	0
I bought this printer because I wanted high quality photo printing and I didn't need any of the bells and whistles that come with more expensive printers. It's a Canon, so I figured I could count on the photo quality. I was terribly disappointed though. I generally buy Staples brand photo paper for general photo printing, and it always worked fine with my Epson printer. But my first prints on this printer looked dull and muddy -- like I was looking at the images though a mild but annoying grey/brown haze. So I went out and bought Canon paper instead. The quality was somewhat improved, but still not what I had expected. So yes, I got a printer for under $30, but now to get even passably OK prints, I need to spend a fortune on Canon brand inks and paper. Not much of a bargain.	0
As best as I can tell the wires were too thin, and it could not handle any kind of bandwidth.	0
I installed the board and my PC (running XP Pro) won't boot. I tested all the PCI slots with other cards (and mixed them up too) and the PC boots fine. I returned the card and got a new one. Same problem. I removed all of my other PCI cards and left this one in there alone ... same problem. I'm speechless. I guess it's not compatable with some systems. By the way, I know my set-up is fine. I have 3 PCI slots filled and 3 additional USB devices and all is well. I never had a problem like this before	0
This adapter will not work at all with Windows XP SP2 - despite any promises from the Linksys website, this cannot be setup - buy the Anycom adapter instead	0
I have spent time with lynksys and Dell, both of which say they have done all they can do, (from their manuals). Because I have had to finish phone calls without without solving the problem, I call back and get conflicting oppinions...this keeps me coming back. It still is not working,  they have that in common.	0
Their quality is cheap. so do their price. Out of the 25 CDs, atleast 8 of them failed. The rest, okay. I would suggest Verbatim. They are pretty good	0
Pros	0
I bought this product from KB Electronics.	0
I bought this player a little over a year ago, mainly for the ability to upgrade the firmware to region-free. Played everything I put in it until a few days ago, when it started having intermittent problems- graphics were staticy and blocky, sound would just buzz and it wouldn't eject discs until I shut it down and restarted it. That lasted for two days before the problem became permanent. Now it's a doorstop.  The Apex web site appears to be down right now, but based on the other reviews here I doubt there's much point in contacting them	0
The resaon I purchased this sport case is because it was an Apple product. My thoughts were that is I was going to dive into the ipod experience I should invest in a quality case to protect it. I'm sure that most people would think the way I do. I read the reviews and felt that even though it was a little pricey I would go ahead. This product is not a good one for the price. Mine broke, specifically, the plastic slider on the side that locks the shuffle in. I know what your thinking... she abused the product but I swear I did not. I loathe returning things but, darn it, this is ridiculous. Avoid this one and go for something less expensive.	0
Though the concept is great, and the controls are straight forward and easy to use, the Belkin Reader falls short of usability.	0
Arrived today in a taped, ripped, and open box.  It appears as though all the parts are there, but this is definitely not a 'factory sealed' product.  Beware!	0
This product came with an italian users guide. In addition the specification fails to state the thickness of this wall mount. It turns out its about 3.5 inches thick and with the thickness of the monitor itself it stands out very far from the wall.	0
Hard to figure out and organize music... battery life not what is promised and needs to be changed often... don't recommend it. Very "Not happy	0
I adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products I have ever bought.  I work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout.  The spacing of the velcro dots means I never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime I do weight lifting close to my body.    It is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is.  I am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage.	0
Either I am idiot or this product is very poorly designed! It takes forever to get it just right, so that it won't slip off and still it feels uncomfortable and not quite right. Now they have them in sorts of colors, don't buy it, you'll just get annoyed everytime you want to use it, like me.	0
I bought the armband when I got my mini ipod. However, the belt clip that comes with the iPod is perfect to clip to my shorts while jogging. You don't need this large, clunky armband	0
I found the armband to be uncomfortable and inconvenient.  I think the upper arm is just a bad place to carry an iPod.  The added weight is distracting when I'm running.  Even worse is any activity that requires me to flex my biceps at all, so lifting weights is out.  Put it on too tight, and I constrict the muscle.  Loosen it a little, and the band slips off.  There is no happy medium.  Also, the earphone cord gets in the way more when it's leading from my arm.	0
Do not waste your money on this product!! Whilst Amazon has a very good price for it, the headset is junk! I tried two different sets and both had a terrible hum. The hum was audible at all jacks in the house and on two different phone lines. It could be heard by the other party and made my hearing the other party nearly impossible. I work for the phone company and have used headsets over the past 25 years with no problmes. This set is very poor quality and not worth the money.	0
Amazon quickly shipped this item to me and I was ready to rock 'n' roll -- until I plugged it in.  There was a distinct buzzing noise that both myself and the caller on the other end could hear.  The buzzing noise stopped when I hit mute, so the Plantronics rep said it was a microphone problem.  Amazon was very gracious about their return policy and I was quickly sent a new phone free of charge.  Well, the second phone does the same thing and I'm returning it to get a refund.  Maybe just my phone line?  Possibly.  But I've tried two phones now and have the same problem with both	0
Bought C01U and was glad I could send it back after a testing period:	0
The card lasted about 3 months then just died.  I'm disappointed considering the cost.  When it was working it seemed to have better range than my builtin centrino web access card.  I don't know if I got a lemon but now I have to check the warranty.	0
The card worked really well except for one little thing. There is no way to enbale super G mode (you need it to connect at 108mbps).  Without the most I could connect at was 54mbps.  The quick install guide and the manual said it's available, but it wasn't.  Tech support was able to reproduce my problem, and tried many, many things. Even though they were very helpful, they coudln't fix it.	0
Like another reviewer, I had the SRF-H3 model, and loved them - comfortable, secure, decent sound, and *almost* indestructable.	0
I can't say enough positive about Logitech mice.  This device, however, was a dismal disappointment.  The PC interface works well, and its knowledge of existing components seems impressive.  Unfortunately, that in no way translates into a good remote interface.  The ability of the unit to reliably turn on multiple components was poor, and, for those with video recorder boxes, very important functionality like the ability to access or schedule recording lists is not readily available (if its there at all, its hidden many keystrokes deeper than I care to know about).  Even when reverting to manual operation of individual components, changing which device is being accessed involves two keystrokes (as opposed to just one on less complex universal remotes--a much more irritating trait than one might think).  Overall, for day-to-day functionality I actually consider the barely-programmable remote that came with my Scientific Atlanta DVR vastly superior to the Harmony, which I've given up on after only a few days of forced use.	0
I have 2 10 year old natural keyboards with the old keyboard layout and when I saw this new keyboard with the same layout I bought one.  Sadly, this keyboard is painful to use.  The keys - especially the space bar - require far more force to use that my previous keyboard.  I am a software engineer and used to typing but this keyboard has slowed my typing rate and wears me out after 20 minutes.  On the shelf it goes for emergencies as I'll continue to maintain my old keyboard	0
Used this unit for a few weeks and returned.	0
Confusing light display (looking in the manual) told me there was a paper jam after printing three pages.  There is no jam. There is nothing stuck in the printer.  Sending it back now.  I do not have time to troubleshoot a new printer that fails to work properly after three pages.  (Maybe you won't have time either!)  I am very tech savvy and have checked the manual.  The device simply is defective.	0
The description indicates that it works on Mac platform.	0
These are some great headphones, BUY THEM FROM SOMEWHERE ELSE! I chose to buy them here because of the lower price, big mistake, what I recieved wasen't the item picutered. I don't know if there an older version or some knock-offs, the sound is ok... but there very cheaply made and theres something wrong with the hinges they don't fold properly. I have an average size head and even fully extended to put them on you have to warp the headband to the point that it looks like its about to break. Returned them and spent the extra 20 bucks to buy them from the actual site	0
Worked well when it was working...massive bass response, comfortable cushioning for big ears and funky styling. Only complaint is the cumbersome battery case and cheap feeling plastic construction. However, none of this mattered when it just stopped working 4 months after purchase. Gave absolutely no signs before hand, just working one day, completely dead the next. There are other reviewers here that shared my same fate, so if you want to gamble with these, go ahead, but know that the risk is a pair of dead headphones.	0
Low volume ... people can not hear me at the other end. I therefore have to return it.	0
One of the two ends was broken	0
This version released late 2005 is obviously a cost-cutting result. This release drops the zipper which is essential when travelling.  Also the price have doubled compared to the previous style.	0
This is my second one of these (I pinched off the cable on my first one with a storage console door and had to get another!)	0
A $150 calculator that I am going to trash.  I had the same problem with the keyboard (terrible response); I struggled with it for about a year and then called HP.  My warranty was out, so Hp suggested I install an update, which I did.  Now the keys are firing off 3 or 4 digits with one press of the button.  This is ridiculous.	0
I am an RPN devotee and have owned two other HPs going back to the original 11C. But this calculator is horribly unreliable because it seems to ignore key entries occasionally. (Although you hear and feel the click, nothing happens)  Also, the keys themselves may "bust loose" and start to wobble even after little use. This is my third replacement in the last two years. Be sure and save your receipt because quality control is absent on this one.	0
This was my first set of in-ear headphones and I bought them because they are cheap.  Well, you get what you pay for.  Being disappointed with the fit of the Koss phones, I bought the slightly more expensive JVC HA-FX55V.  At least for me, a much better fit, which means more comfort and better sound.  And I am still shopping.  The array of offerings is daunting:  JVC and JPlug at about $20 all the way up to Shure's top of the line at $500.  So shop around, but forget about the Koss	0
This warranty is purchased through Amazon, but it is actually distributed by another company.  When you search for TV warranties on Amazon, you will see 4 warranties that appear to be the same, but are different prices.  I called the company that sells these warranties and asked what the difference was.  They told me that there is no difference between the $119 warranty and the $499 warranty; they cover the exact same thing.  The girl I spoke with even asked her manager and he said there is no difference.  Warranties are a tricky item to review, because it all looks good until you actually need it.  So, on this one, I suppose only time will tell.  The one difference between the Amazon warranty and the electronic store warranty is that the Amazon one will not replace the first bulb in the TV; but I figure if I need to replace the bulb within those four years I will still be saving $100 because I can get a new bulb for around $200.	0
Bought this as a back-up for the internal hard drive of the laptop. My experience was sadly similar to  many others on this site. Worked fine for two backups, then the drive stopped being recognized by my own or any other computer. Little red "power" light is on, little disc whirls around, but no blue "data transmit" light appears anymore. These are clearly a dismally unreliable and poorly made product- just imagine the disaster if this occurred when you were trying to restore data to a corrupted hard drive on your primary machine. A free replacement would not be much of a compensation. Avoid!!	0
Buy the "empty" player for 37, then get a 128 mb card....its only 5 bucks mopre total.....	0
The iPod is cool but ours ... as we've found has happened to many other owners ... went on the fritz and our nightmare began. Apple's customer service is the worst CS that we've ever experienced regardless of the product or service supported. I could write for days about the awful experience but I've wasted so much time with them already ... I can't bear to waste more. The most notable point is that the iPod CS folks repeatedly stated that iPods are more or less disposable, commodity items and "breakdowns" were common. Wow!! .. $400 Bucks of throw away!?!?!? We still haven't recieved the return box for replacement/repair after several days even though it was promised in 24-48 hours. We also own an MP3 player that we refer to as a "Dell-Pod" from Dell Computer and have had to use their customer service as well. Dell's CS support was awesome. Based on our experience with Apple/iPod CS support ... this is the first and LAST Apple product that will be owned in our household	0
I purchased this item on Nov. 17, 2006.  Amazon claimed it was in stock.  I then upgraded from free shipping to Standard, which promises a 3-5 days delivery time.  Amazon now informs me that it will arrived on Nov. 29th! This is the second recent order with a longer than anticipated/promised delivery time.  I don't know if Amazon is going down hill or what, but it's discouraging.  Next time, I'll just buy the item locally and pay a few extra dollars.  And by the way, don't even try to call Amazon Customer Service at 800-201-7575.  They can't do anything to resolve a problem and barely speak or understand English.  Another great American company moving towards metiocracy; what a shame	0
Short answer: The microphone volume on this is set too low relative to the speaker volume, and cannot be adjusted independently--either through the device or at the O/S level.	0
compared this cable to a philips performance component cable and i am not impressed it was the exact same in picture quality.	0
I was fairly satisfied with this phone until I had to re-arrange my office and move my phone.  Once I moved it and then tried to reconnect it, I no longer had LCD functionality or speakerphone functionality.	0
I didn't have the same experience as the "Great support from Lexar" review below.	0
Everyone knows TERK MAKES JUNK, and this multiswitch is no exception. I needed a multiswitch quick, went to Best Buy and paid, get this, $154.00 for this Terk ms!! Yeah, I know, but I needed it asap. ONE WEEK after installation, one of the satellite inputs crapped out, dead. And I do have surge protection on the lines. Also, the unit runs very hot. I've had three other Terk products do the same thing. Avoid Terk at all costs and go with Monster or even Radio Shack in a pinch. Will never buy a Terk product again. Ever	0
The item I bought had to be returned due to the fact it did not wor	0
Yes, I burned them in for at least 25 hours. They sounded muddy. Smooth as caramel, but veiled. The bass was heavy and indistinct. The high frequencies were not clean, and not abundant.	0
-small button size	0
Will not charge the Micro Zen, but will power the unit.  Will toss it in the car for those times when the battery is dead and I just need my music.	0
It is rather ironic that this device was so cheap that despite the fact that IT WILL NOT CHARGE AN IPOD SHUFFLE...it cost more to ship it back than I would get in a refund.	0
...while this device does power your USB cable it seems to fail charging my Blackberry or my iPod. Maybe the 400 mA is not enough for that. I would not suggest to buy this item for these devices. For the iPod you better get the USB charger from the Apple store for 25$ that even comes with a standard iPod cable	0
I recently received an iPOD Photo and after loading in tons of CD's I said  . . . hey why not buy an all in 1 adapter for my car.  My transpod arrived but I had difficulty inserting the adapter into my car's charger.  After working that out and using it everyday for a week, it stopped working.  I realized that the fuse had blown.  It's small and relatively compact unlike the Griffin RoadTrip, but it's a whole lot of drama for the price.	0
My first mouse broke after only a few uses. When I sent it back for repairs, they sent back a refurbished mouse that did not work at all. Avoid buying this mouse at all costs	0
When it works, this mouse is simply wonderful. Small, accurate, easy to recharge, easy to carry. Under those conditions, it's probably my favorite mouse. I've found that it's equally good for both Mac and Windows.	0
What a waste of money. For $300 you shouldn't HAVE to buy a protection plan for the 2nd year of a products life; unfortunately the poor quality of iPods makes it a necessity. BUT, the protection plan is riddled with clauses that exclude any number of reasonable issues.	0
Although this policy is thru Apple, it is 2x the price of similar policies available from other companies that also have very good reputations.  One is Crutchfield.com which has a 2 yr. plan for $29.99 which starts *after* the standard Apple 1 yr labor coverage (for a TOTAL OF 3 YEARS).  Apple extended warranty is a total of 2 years for $59.99, rather than a total of 3 years for $29.99 thru Crutchfield	0
After receiving this boon mic, I found it did not work consitently.  Losing contact with lost words, and the mic had to be held to the lips, therefore it was not truly hands free.  I require a mic that I do not have to touch to work and can be used with VO	0
I received the camera and was not happy when I found a cheap mic that was attached to the cord of an ear peace instead of the the superior sound mic advertised in the ad.  I called Amazon, they had no appolgies and said the most they could do was refund my money.	0
The z-5450 has good points, reasonable cost, ease of use and ease of setup. It has a major fault in a buzzing noise made when the unit is turned on. Give this item a pass, wait for the next generation and a guarantee that this problem has been corrected	0
This thing looks great - but it still has tracking problems as these cheap units tend to. Do yourself a favor and buy the cyber home - it's the only cheaper unit that seems to have some quality to it	0
I searched Amazon.com for a multi-region DVD player so I could view DVDs that I have purchased overseas.  This DVD player came up.  There are no instructions within the packaging that state how to watch Non-region 1 DVDs.  I called the manufacturer and they told me how to "rigg" it to play region 2 DVDs.  Also, the remote control did not work from the very beginning and the manufacturer said I would need to pay money to replace it.  They also let me know that the DVD player will not work without the remote control (not compatible with universal remotes).  This is not a good product	0
Maybe 2 1/2 stars.	0
This charger is flimsy. 1) As other mention, the "retractable" unit quickly became tangled, and without significant attention every single time (not feasible while driving), doesn't retract. 2) The plastic covering the wire at the base of the jack pulled loose, exposing the wires. 3) After a few months of very gentle use, the white plastic cover of the jack cracked and fell off. As a result, I'm back in the market for a charger, just months after buying this one	0
i tried them on a sony dcr-trv33, and they clogged my heads in about 10min. of recording.	0
After purchasing my Canon ZR-90 this summer, and using the four pack of TDK tapes ABC Warehouse gave me with the camcorder, I went online and found these tapes and bought two ten packs due to the great price and the JVC name.	0
It worked okay for about a month and then froze up one day when I was running.  I popped out the battery so it would turn off and when I turned it back on it had deleted all of the songs.	0
Don't waste your money. What iRiver doesn't tell their customers is that once the battery goes dead, the system is useless. I will never buy one of their products again and I'm doing my best to inform everyone out there that they'll be tossing their money in the trash by purchasing any iRiver products. My system cost me $340.00 and it is now as useless as the customer service department at iRive	0
The features, size, and design of this unit are what drew me in. But after just a few uses, I quickly came to realize that this was nothing more than cheap electronics wrapped up in an attractive, but completely unusable package. To start with, the unit is small - the smallest of its kind. But the bulky external mic makes the overall footprint just as large as some of the palmtop units that this was made to replace. Second, the unit has a built-in rechargeable battery that cannot be removed. So, when it crashes, which it does frequently, there is no way to "cold-boot" the unit by removing the battery. This is also a problem because it reduces the unit's true portability because you can easily get stuck with no remaining battery life and no AC power to recharge it. Then, what you have is a paperweight. Oh, and by the way, when you do have it plugged in to charge, the backlight is always on (even if the power is off). So forget about using this unit as a plugged in desktop recorder either.	0
The microtrack will not hold a charge by itself or even operate very long when hooked up to an external  usb battery pack. It just drains away under charge. The concept for  this  a pretty good , but the implementation woefully lacking almost to the point where I may not reliably recommend to others.	0
I bought this product twice. Now I have two of them and none works. This router is not able to get itself an IP from the cable modem let alone sending out a wireless signal. First time i thought the router was defective and I ordered a new one hoping to return the first one, received the second one before i could return the first one, and the new one was no better than the other anyways. Avoid this product at all costs, or else	0
Run WinXP, sp2 with everything updated.  I've had this router for 6 months.  It is the WGT624v3, firmware updated.  I never realized how bad the wireless was on this router until this week - dropped connetion 3 times in 15 minutes today alone, while reading the Amazon.com reviews.	0
Caution. Creative used to have great support. Now, 60 days of phone support. I have a 9 month old ZEN Micro. It will not start, if I plug it in, it appears to charge but never completes, If I turn it on while plugged in i get to the Creative boot up screen, it goes blank and never completes the boot up. Useless junk now. I cnnot find my original receipt, (who can). I cannot be returned, and I cannot get support on it.	0
I wanted to connect a computer to a router, and the computer was going to be pretty far away from the router.  So I figured I needed a long cord, and decided to get this one, which is supposed to be cat 5 stranded patch (which was what I needed.)  Well, it's long.  That's the only good thing about this cord.  But the bad thing is so bad that the cord is useless.  There is nothing on the ends!  It's just a giant wire!  There aren't any connectors on the ends that I can use to plug the cord into my computer, or the router.  So I have a cord, but no connectors.  It's completely useless, unless I buy the connectors separately, and attach them myself.  Do I know how to do that?  Do I want to do that?  No.   So I'm returning this.  Maybe, if all you need is the cord (it's grey, by the way), and not the connectors, you might be able to use this.  Otherwise, it's completely useless.  If you can't find any cords this long that have connectors, maybe you should consider trying a shorter cord.  ..	0
I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this	0
I have really enjoyed my I pod until I started to get errors in January 2006. I started to get an error that state that Itunes can't read to or write form the Disk meaning the Ipod itself. That means I cannot add music to or take music off of the Iopd. This was very upsetting to me as I have had this item for less than a year. I Finlay called tech support at Apple. They asked for the serial# for my Ipod. They told me it was out of warranty, that the warranty had expired in December of 2005 and there was NOTHING I could do, literally. I checked my purchase and found out that I had purchased this on April 7, 2005. I was so angry that they would tell me that it was out of warranty when it clearly was not. So, this is a warning to all Ipod owners of this potential problem	0
DOnt buy and I had tough time in adjusting the ear piece as it falls out every time you hang it over the ear.	0
We signed up with Vonage a couple of months ago.  Setting up the D-Link adapter was a snap and I had a dial tone quickly.  After several days, my line was ported and I thought everthing was ok.	0
These were expensive.....	0
these were not recognizable by my Sony Dual layer burner... maybe with more attempts and practice they will be	0
My wife bought this as a gift for me, thinking that it included an FM tuner. For ten dollars more, she could have purchased a product that does everything this one does (it is essentially a $35 car charger) plus the tuner.  If you want to use this product to actually listen to your iPod in your car, you'll need to purchase yet another device: either the cassette adapter (old school! part F8V366-APL) or the FM transmitter (part F8V367-APL).  Either one connects through a jack in the side of this unit.  The FM transmitter is another $40 (you're now $20-30 over what the Monster iCarPlay, which does all of the above, would have cost you)...and, surprise!  The transmitter takes AAA batteries!  There's no way to power the transmitter through the Auto Kit.  To power the FM transmitter without batteries, you must purchase yet a third accessory, the "Mobile Power Cord for iPod" (F8V7067-APL, just $15!)...except your car's power plug is occupied by the Auto Kit, so you'll need to buy a twin-plug adapter for that.	0
I am the owner of a home day care and I had all of the kids bring in T-shirts so that we could all create our own unique father's day gifts with these iron-on transfers. When I say that I followed the directions Precisely I am not fooling! I was so concerned about slip ups that I made sure I followed the directions to the letter, but every time I tried to pull off the cooled transfer paper off came half of the design and the rest styed on the paper! Very disappointing	0
Very bad start, bad point for Amazon. I wanted to get a good quality device and that is the reason I chose buying from Amazon even it was more expensive than other sites.	0
Yeah, the Nano Dock is useful; however, be aware that it comes with NO cords whatsoever. This means that you have to purchase yet another accessory for it to be of any practical use. BOO Apple! There is absolutely no excuse for following in the footsteps of Microsoft	0
Just got this camera in the mail as a birthday present. Installing the software was easy, but unfortunately the camera is essentially broken. It is only (somewhat) in-focus for items about 1 inch away. Adjusting the focus ring doesn't help, so this camera's build seems to be defective. My brother bought the same camera and it doesn't seem to have the same problem. Anyway, returning mine.	0
I had a D-link USB adaptor before which was really good, but was old.  I upgraded to a wireless G Linksys USB adaptor, but I was supplied with old goods (a Linksys sales manager confirmed that), so I sent that back.  I thought I'd try D-Link again.  Bad move.  First, I tried to upgrade the drivers.  My current version was 1.0.5.0.  I downloaded the version 1.12 from D-Link's site.  After uninstalling and reinstalling (several times) I still had 1.0.5.0.  An hour and a half on the phone with D-Link tech support and I still had 1.0.5.0.  Another hour on Google, and I'm not the only one with this issue.  Seems to be a version-control issue with D-Link.  Then, even more irritating, every time after I use my wired connection and go back to wireless I have to reinstall the drivers and reboot.  And re-enter all my security info again.  (I believe this has something to do with using a different USB port from the last time, but whatever the reason, it's unacceptable).  This adaptor's going back too.  Don't know what I'll try next.	0
The long cord simply didn't work. I returned it to Maxell, using the address on the back of the package, and had the product returned to me because the facility has closed. I've spent almost $5 trying to return an $8 product.	0
These discs are not really TDK - they are low-quality discs branded and priced as TDK.	0
SUCKS I had this right form the start with my compaq 7970 which is amd k7 processor and has the via chipset.  The computer seemed to work for a while or at least had few errors when I first used it but I guess that was when I had windows 98 for 2 years. When I upgraded to windows XP it just got terrible I had frequent blue screens and errors. I thought it was my video card or my ram or Irq sharing tried all that didn't seem to be it.  Eventually I was wrong it was this card as mentioned before by others apparently it does not like some amount of internet use and when the card gets stuck it shuts down and windows xp just says error or points to the video card or irq sharing ot page fault in non page area as the problem.  The card was the problem buy another card other than fa310,fa311 the one I have and fa312 even if you have intel or something else I would not waist my money on this card it will probably give you problems down the road.  I have tried updates from [...] and updating my ram and video card  have checked my irqs and reformating hard drive none worked. I put in a 3 com card I bought a few years before this computer and wow no crashes that other computer is now wirelessly connected to my home network	0
Please! for the love of god! do not buy this product! it is absolutly horrible. i'll admit that since i bought my computer and go this card back in 2002, i hadn't had problems until the past few months. i play an online game - a MMORPG - and after every time the game is updated and i have to install the updates i am unable to log onto the game! it freezes up, and either makes my computer crash or destroys my internet connections, forcing me to restart. as you can imagine, this gets rather frustrating, and if you play MMORPGs, you can see how it is even more frustrating. i am currently running XP home edition. i beg you, DO NOT BUY THIS ETHERNET CARD JUST BECAUSE IT IS THE CHEAPEST ONE OUT THERE! you get what you pay for! now i'm off to buy a new one	0
The photo on the Target website shows a cable input/output for cable protection. The unit arrived with a phone line input/output-not much help for those expecting protection on their cable line	0
I have a G4 tower Mac that did have a built in Ethernet.  Unfortunately, a lightening strike took out the port and I was forced to get a PCI card to replace the port.  The first card I bought was the D-Link DFE-530TX+.  I was excited because the box clearly said that the card would work with Macs and that the "minimum requirement" was OS 10.2.	0
I started out with 2 gigabytes. And then after I had filled this card with about 500 photos, I downloaded all the photos to my computer. After deleting all of the photos from this card, the capacity had suddenly decreased to only half! What happened to the other 1 gigabyte? I'm sure they pre-formatted this card to appear like it's 2 gigabytes, but what a surprise when you start using it. Not good	0
I canceled the order of Velocity DVD-R disks since it took too long to deliver	0
These radios look nice but there are some problems here. First the batteries do not last long unless you do not talk. Second the biggest problem for me was uncompatibility with other radios and brands. The receive quality is very poor and hard to understand at times. I also hace a T7200 and the difference is like night and day. The 7200 is the best. The 7400 i believe is an has flaws and that is why you see them priced so low. I paid $24.00 on ebay and also have seen the set at home depot clearance for $44.00 today. What good is any radio if you cant understand what someone is saying? Good try motorola but this is a poor product.NOT RECOMMENDED TO PURCHASE	0
I ordered this radio back in May and I still don't have them.  It is now September.  I have exchanged several emails with Amazon, the first one I received a very nice but untrue reply.  The second response was borderline rude but at least honest, they told me that they don't have the product and don't know when they will.  If you are looking for something to use now, don't waste your time with ordering this radio	0
The box says you can either "power" or "charge" your iPod with the Powerjolt. To me, "power" means listening to the iPod while it is plugged in to the Powerjolt.   However, there is an overwhelming amount of buzz and static when the iPod is playing while connected to the Powerjolt.  Maybe this thing works ok to "charge" while the iPod is not playing, but it is not an acceptable way to "power" the iPod while it is playing.	0
I commute via public transportation, the majority of that on a noisy train. Earbuds and over ear headphones don't block out enough of the noise to enjoy the music. I received these Philips HN110 headphones as a gift.	0
After only having the cable for a week under very light usage, the cable stopped working intermittently. It makes crackling noises when the cable is moved. I am not talking about whipping or quick movement, just gentle movement of the cable causes crackling and loss of signal. I was about to scrap the cable altogether but I decided to resolder the connector to see if that would help. I cut off about half a foot of the cable and resoldered it, only to find that the same problem persisted. I got a bad cable, obviously..	0
The iM3c was a gift - looked like a great little portable stereo for my Pod. First used it on a trip. Started off playing ok and then the sound cut in and out. Frustrated me for the week as I didn't know if it would play or not on any given day. When it did play it was ok but not great. Finally, it didn't play anymore.	0
Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return/refund deadline. Refused to refund or replace even though the product is CLEARLY defective. This company is a ripoff and will never do business with them again. Consider yourself warned	0
I bought the TDK Mojo 256 about a year and 3 months ago. It worked wonderfully for the first year - did what it was supposed to and the radio quality was great. Then I upgraded to Windows XP and that's when everything started going wrong. This MP3 player needs propreitary software to copy files from your hard disk or CD to the mp3 player. Unfortunately the software doesn't work well at all with XP. Right now, my player is piece of junk. I have tried copying files which it shows as copied but then when you reconnect the player, they don't show up on there. What's more, formatting the internal memory will also not release the space and so I have the internal memory full but it shows up in the software as free. However, it won't copy over any new files and gives me a "Storage Full" error. It doesn't act reliably with XP either and I had to unplug and replug several times for it to even read the list of songs on the mp3. It lasted all of 15 months. While it sounds like a great deal ( good features for price ). DO NOT buy this if you will be using it with XP and if you do, please don't expect it to last more than 12-15 months	0
This player is a piece of junk.	0
Does the unit work??,...Well yes to a degree. It takes 6 holes to lock on to the satellites and then does a fair job of giving distances. The display is poor and though they say "up to 40 objects per hole" there is normally 2-4 objects per hole. All this depends upon the Skycaddie course recorder. The user (you) can not modify the course or add any objects that the  course recorder didn't think was important.	0
You don't have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing with digital signals.  Keep in mind that all digital interfaces have error correction built into them. Did you know the internal components of consumer electronics are connected with tin and nickel?  There's no gold inside!  So there's no need for oxygen-free, gold tipped, multi sheilded, super mega supreme cables.   If you don't believe me, buy this cable and a no-name cheapie.  Compare them for yourself -- you will see no difference.	0
Have you ever heard the saying that something would cost you "an arm and a leg"? These cables cost that, your first son, and bidding rights to your estate. Don't get me wrong- Monster makes great cables. Let there be no confusion on this point. But they're just incredibly expensive, and this is made much worse with these cables.	0
What do they say about fools and money?	0
If you can't abide an ever-present low hiss in the background, and louder interference in the presence of power lines, don't buy this product.  I wish I'd read the reviews more carefully before I bought.  A number of even the most favorable ones mentioned this annoyance.	0
I think this product design concept is great.  I love the flexibe arm size.  It fits great in my car.  The CRAPPY part.  I live near metro st. louis and i could not hold a signal ANYWHERE!  I always had some intereference.  whether it was fuzz or the signal going in and out.  This product did not meet my expectations, especially since the back of the package states I should have crystal clear sound.  This is not true.  I have returned this product after little success over the first week of purchase.  I am now waiting to get my DLO transpod 2 in the mail to try it out.  I want something to work!	0
I have to say, since I really started listening to music I have payed attention to a lot more detail of sound.  With that said I am not a bass junky; but bass and compression of the overall mix is what makes a sound a good sound.  I currently owned a pair of Sony MDR-EX81LP (that cost me 30-40 dollars a year ago) I am a medical student and I study all day and all night, but cannot have my music blasting.  Conversely I needed to have a nice isolation of my sound.  Comparing my old Sony to the new ER-6 that I just got, I am EXTREMELY DISSAPOINTED with their performance.  I was expecting a great sound with minimal noise from the outside and get almost no response at the level that I studied with my old ear buds. To be fair remember that these are not noise cancelling, they are noise reducing.  There is no component involved here, they are basically really good earplugs with speakers in them.  My wife just ran the vacuum and I barely heard it.  The earplug reduced noise feature is great and comfortable; however my other ones (Sony earbuds) sound better.  A combination of the two would be great.  Keep in mind that this is my opinion and make your own based on why you are buying earbuds.  Environmental sound reduction is great, sound quality is not as good as some others.....choose your fault and pay attention to pricing.	0
I was disappointed with these earphones. The sound level was low and higher frequency sound seemed attenuated.  The $30 Sony MDR-EX51 earphones I already owned sounded much better	0
I have had the 325 model for less than a year.  Up until recently I was satisfied with its performance using it to print less than 5 pictures at a time.  Recently, I needed to print a series of pictures (more than 10 in one sitting) and had an error message-print cartridge jam-I fixed the paper jam but continued to get the error message. I  called HP and they stated this was a fatal error in the unit and encouraged me to purchase the updated model rather than fix my printer.  I searched the internet for a solution only to find that others had encountered this and the solution was to purchase the "new'model- A not very cost effective solution as this was not supposted to be a disposable model.	0
DON'T BUY THESE THINGS !  THEY GO BAD AND SANDISK WON'T REPLACE THEM.  BUY OCZ OR A-DATA OR SOMETHING. THESE THINGS ARE VERY UNRELIABLE..	0
I bought the Sony 128 MB Memory Stick (MSH-128) a few months ago, but I only used it once. When I was in my 20th picture, an error appeared in the screen of my Sony P100 camera:	0
A friend gave me this card for free, when I travled to Arizona. I use this card in my Dell X51V.	0
I bought this SD card on April 11. Unfortunately, the card doesn't work properly, in fact, my camera and my computer never detect it.	0
I purchased the 1gb Lexar card, and 5 hours after I started using it, I've got corrupted data that no amount of formating or data deletion will remedy.  Given that I had already disceted the box into small pieces to send in for mail in rebates, I contacted Lexar and sent it to them on a Warrenty claim [cheaper then driving back to the retail location I purchased it at anyway].	0
I bought a brand new unit directly from Garmin. It worked for about a week, then it would no longer charge. I returned it and got a REFURBISHED UNIT in exchange.	0
I had bought this item due to good review before I went to a trip to Bulgaria. However, it plugs in but doesn't work. Why? I don't know. how should I deal with it now?  Is it a defect one? I have no idea, to me I just lost 17 dollars for an experience. (don't buy electronic items from a book store, even it's cheaper) Fortunate I also bought Targus travel adaptor set that save me	0
If you have a 30 gig. video iPod, mabey.  But for a 60 gig. it is too tight to it, got a mark on iPod after taking it out, covered up part of the screen on mine, and I'm taking it back right away.	0
Please, do not buy or use this product. The "hand-stitched, supple leather" scratched my new 60G black iPod video. The description says it "will fit all iPod videos" but mine was very tight. So far, DLO has not answered my complaints. Neither has Apple. I bought the Speck ToughSkin (have not received it yet) and hope it helps me heal the pain. Bad product	0
It was horrible, soon as i plug the speakers in it was making a constant noise, really annoying, the speakers were junk, worst purchase i've ever made from amazon. I would've returned them but I didn't want to go through the trouble of sending it back. So i just smashed them and went to best buy and got new ones. I know it was a cheap speaker, but hell it should atleast work properly. Talk about trash	0
These speakers are unusable. They give off horrible feedback even when there's not a cell phone or cordless phone in the room	0
This machine is  great looking, compact, and  seems to be the perfect combination fax/answering machine/speakerphone.  One major problem:  The phone is well below average in sound quality,  and the speaker is absolutely terrible.  The tiny, poorly made speaker is placed in the back left side of the unit and and is totaly inaudible at loud volumes due to distortion.  The fax is great,  the print quality is great,  the speed is great, but you have to lower the volume and lean over with your head against the speaker  to hear messages.  This problem also renders the speakerphone useless.  I returned this unit twice thinking it was defective, but spoke to HP and was told that is just the way this unit works.  Buy the Panasonic KX-FHD351  if you  need a great sounding unit.  The only problem with the Panasonic is that it doesn't come in black,  but is a much better phone/answering/speakerphone.	0
I bought it for my c340 but it does not work with it. Maybe it was my fault for not reading the description in depth.  I really thought it did say it is good for street pilots, though. There might not be anything wrong with the item but it needs a better technical description	0
I agree with the previous review.  This phone cord worked twice.  Now, it only retracts about half way, and keeps getting worse.  I'm returning it for a refund.  Don't waste your time with this	0
I am on my second one and I will be returning this one also. Both of them worked once and then would not retract fully after that. I was so mad I almost threw it against the wall. I thought the first one was a defect, but then when I got the second one I realized it was a design flaw... If you buy the Targus one keep your receipt because I guarantee you will be returning it. What I don't get is how Targus has the guts to release this product and also put on it: Satisfaction Guaranteed. What a joke..	0
This card is on its way back to Amazon.  I purchased it as it was one of the "recommended items" with the camera I also purchased, never mind that it doesn't work with the camera.  I'm not hugely tech savvy--I (wrongly) assumed that any items recommended with the main item (a $500 camera) would be compatible.  Check to make sure that any recommended accessories will actually achieve what you want them to.	0
This isn't the type of behavior i would expect from such a valuable and big company as Amazon is. They cancelled my order same way as the other people's. They didn't even send any notification email and i found my order cancelled by looking at the site. Amazon MUST learn that this is illegal and they must ship all the orders placed, if they made a mistake pricing the item is THEIR problem not ours and more after many customers confirmed the price over telephone. If Amazon don't ship the orders already placed they will throw stones over their own roof and make lots of bad publicity. I'm one of many who won't be buying anything ever if Amazon don't send me my ordered items. Count with me for any legal actions that may be taken	0
I bought these because I have an HP printer and figured they would be best for the shirts I want to make.  I couldn't get them to take for anything in the world.  I put the pressure on it, ironed them longer, everything you can think of and they still wouldn't take.  Then when I finally got one to take it completely cracked and crumbled and started peeling off before an hour was up. It never made it to the wash, so now I am out the money I paid for them and still have no shirts.  Any other brands you suggest instead	0
It's the most expensive CF card with absolutely no customer support.  After a while the CF card stopped working - no power light as if the card "burned out".  I really can't tell you exactly what went wrong because it's impossible to contact someone at Socket customer support. I followed their web-site instructions but was never contacted. I'll never buy another Socket product again	0
Connects to your Microsoft Pocket PC and will not work with a Palm.  If you mistakenly order, AMAZON.COM will not refund your shipping.  Have a nice day	0
It states in the Technical Details that you can get 450 pictures from this cartridge. This is not true.  After much discussion with HP, they finally admitted that it's only rated for 150 4 x 6 pictures.  My experience is that you actually get a little under 100 pictures from it.  If you're buying this cartridge, you've probably already bought the printer, but you should know before you buy the printer that you're going to go through a lot of expensive ink	0
I put this item in my cart -- it was one of the "buy both now" deals.  The problem is, the first item was sold by Amazon, with free shipping, the second item was sold by another company with outrageous shipping costs.	0
I love the functionality of this armband. The problem is that it keeps breaking. The place at which the band loops through the holder keeps breaking.. I'm on my second one and it is almost ready for another replacement..	0
This LEXAR brand has had issues with it's Memory Cards.  I lost lots of pictures from a vacation to Disney World and a Convention. Their site had SOFTWARE that was to help recover some of those lost images!!  I have never had Flash memory trouble until LEXAR!  I now only buy SCANDISK items. Samsung invented this tecnology and SD is their product. The Store I bought the LEXAR chip was in a hurry to give me another chip I could trust. He gave me the higher costing SD chip. I wasn't the first to have issues from buying it in his store. He took a $50.00 loss to make me happy. People take lots of photos now that we went Digital. Imagine looking for some pictures you know you took and they are not there!  Most think they messed up. WIth this chip you will have that happen so pay very close attention. Most of what is lost can not be recovered. Pay the extra money for SCANDISK.	0
The remote control is OK.	0
A short review...	0
I am sorry to say that my experience with the CD player has been miserable. After a series of unhelpful conversations with SONY folks, I am going to return it. It often fails to read the CD or cuts in and out on new CDs that play perfectly in other CD players; the shuffle program simply spins and spins, and rarely settles down to actually play a CD.  It occasionally generates a read error message (uh, yeah...).	0
I mainly chose this mouse because I needed one quickly and it was black and matched my set up. I had been using the standard greyish white optical mouse with a scroll wheel and a red light that shined out from under my wrist. This one feels smaller, but still comfortable. However a couple weeks of normal usage made the mouse much less solid feeling. The plastic now mushes as the seems flex slightly in my hand. I decided to have a friend repair the cable of my old mouse. :-/ I am going to donate this mouse to a friend who still has a tracking ball mouse. I like some of Logitechs products and higher end mice. But I would stay away from this mouse. Its not bad, its just not good enough to pick over other mice that cost the same amount.	0
I first isntalled this to WinXP 2nd ED and all of a sudden I am getting blue screens and the system keeps rebooting over and over.  I uninstall and the problem goes away.  Coincidence?  I will let you decide.  I reinstalled the adaptor and it gets very very hot..  reminds me of my notebook that overheats and shuts down.  I cant get a connection to my router.  I have my notebook im typing on now connected right next to the adaptor desktop and get a signal just fine with my notebook.  I will be sending this back	0
OK. I take my words back. I found a solution to the connection problem with windows xp. Download a patch (WindowsXP-KB884020-x86-enu.exe, solving WPA issues) from microsoft, then everything goes as it should be.	0
It dies if you plug in any external USB disk drive or card reader.  D-Link just doesn't know how to write device drivers that work well.  I've had problems with every D-Link product I've ever bought	0
when i purchased this plan it was for a tv between $1000 and 1499.99.	0
I never received the 4-year plan, when I purchased the TVHD in August 2006. I have wrote to Amazon several times with no follow up by Amozon.	0
If you do, go ahead and take a chance.  I did and got burned.  Tv didn't work right out of the box.  Will return soon.	0
Unfortunately I bought this router (aka junk) from Amazon. Never worked smoothly. Did not like WPA. After I set the the protocol to WPA and restarted it, the router froze. Updated firmware, no use. Now its not working. Power is intermittent, will shut off whenever it wants. Freezes randomly. This garbage is going back to Dlink today. Dlink tech support also said that they are having a HUGE number of complaints with 524 especially revision D.	0
This may be one of the cheapest routers out there, but it's cheap in every way. I spent hours either on hold or talking with poorly trained overseas "tech support" whose expertise consisted of (barely) reading a script. Eventually these computer whizzes determined that my D-Link router didn't work. They told me to send it back (on my nickel, of course), and they sent me another one, which also did not work, at least not with my computer system. After more wasted hours, I was referred to the one guy at D-Link who--supposedly--has mastered this router's bugs. The problem? He never answered the phone. And despite all my calls to him and all my voicemails asking him either to call me at work or to set a time for us to talk, he repeatedly returned my calls at 3:00 in the afternoon, the time when most people who can afford routers are working. Finally I had an epiphany: Life was too short to %*@ with D-Link. I packed up the router and sent it back to the CEO, Stephen Joe, with a letter. Then I went out and bought a Netgear router, and I was up and running in minutes. Mr. Joe never responded to my letter, but what else do you expect from a company that so clearly doesn't value its customers	0
Have had this router for over a year.  During this time the router constantly lost the internet connection, even when it's wired directly to my desktop PC.  The disconnect can last anywhere from a couple of seconds to minutes.  A new firmware (1.23) was released a few days ago for revision A (the version of the router I have).  D-Link's website said the firmware "improved reliability" so I decided to upgrade.  After flashing to the new firmware, the router will not let me into the control panel  or respond to pings.  The lights blink, that's all.  I've reset the router, but this does nothing to restore the old firmware.  D-link's firmware upgrade appears to have put this router out of its misery--which is perhaps for the best as it now forces me to finally go back to a reliable router company	0
i bought 2 pairs of this radios and 1 of the pairs have a damage radio, the microphone dosen't work and i cant fix it!! :(	0
A while ago I purchased the same item, maybe a month, and I received what I paid for: 2 walkie talkies, 2 RECHARGABLE BATTERIES, and a CHARGING BASE for the walkies.	0
Bike did not run right from the beginning.  THe battery did not stay charged.  After awhile just quite running altogether.  Company was not very usefull.  Warranty only 90 days.  Do not buy this peice of junk	0
I spoke with customer service rep at 800-283-1311.  Devices have a one-year warranty.  I stated that I sent in the Registration card, and asked if she would look up the purchase date.  She said no, "Registration and Warrany are in different departments."	0
I purchased two CDOs only to find out that some of the lights on one of them did not work.  After 6 weeks, KDS finally replaced it.  It did not cost me anything but time and frustration.  After 2 months, my second one has now failed.  Most of the trays do not eject.  It is no longer returnable and I have CDs stuck in it.  Do NOT make the mistake of purchasing even one of these.  Go to K-Mart and get one of the old fashioned manual ones.  You will be much happier	0
Adorama is a terrible company to deal with. They sent me a pkg of 2 Epson ink cartridges and 270 papers.  I have called several times as the ink cartridges were not the correct ones. I returned them as instructed, written 3 letters and called. This started in mid July.  I called 2 weeks ago (Aug 28th and a different gal said she thought I should have my money back and would see to it.  That was over 2 weeks ago and nothing since then.	0
I bought this unit to use with a boombox and it functioned well but after a few minutes it just went blank. I tried batteries in the boombox, AC power and two boomboxes because they thought the boombox was the problem	0
This review is more about my several month's experience with XM satellite radio and the not-so-good quality using the wireless FM frequencies through our car's radios. I live in Los Angeles.	0
Purchased the transmitter for my MP3 player.  Reception is poor with constant static through my car radio.  The instructions (which you don't see until you have already purchased the product) says antennas integrated into the window can have problems.  Since that is the only purpose for this device, I don't understand why Monster is selling a marginal product	0
I've had a set of these batteries for a year or two now. The last few times I've taken them out for vacation use in camera, I've had the same problem: I charge two sets (one Kodak and one these Energizers) when I put the camera away. A few weeks later, I go off on vacation. The Kodak 1600mAh set will last me all day on the charge from a month or so before. The Energizer 2500mAh set might last me half a day, having lost most of its charge from sitting for the same number weeks before use.	0
I got these batteries just over a few months ago for my portable GPS unit that I use often on my travels. In fact, I bought eight of them (two packs of 4). I was upgrading from my previous set of 1600mAh Rayovac NiMH AA batteries that were still going strong after 2 years. When I saw the new energizer 2500mAh rechargeables I was excited to purchase them thinking they would last longer than my old 1600mAh Rayovacs.  Boy was I wrong!	0
I bought several packs of these batteries 6 months ago.  They were great at first, but now most of them won't hold a charge at all.  They discharge in 2 weeks without even being in a device.  DON'T buy them!  They're JUNK	0
I had such high hopes for these headphones.  I wanted to hook them over my ears and go running whenever I pleased.  But it was not to be.	0
You would think that Panasonic Cordless phone and Panasonic Hands-Free Headset would work well together, being that they are sold by the same company. Well, that is clearly not the case. I bought this headset specifically for the reason that it is sold by Panasonic to work with their cordless phones. I've tried it a few times and each time I get the same response from the person I'm talking to. They say I sound too far away, that they can barely hear me. This product is clearly not worth it	0
I like the HP 96 because it can be used in many HP printers that use the HP 98,  but its a better deal than the HP 98 because it contains almost twice as much ink.	0
Looks beautifull......works about 40% of the time.  Be ready to reinstall the software weekly.	0
Terrible product.  I have tried using the Windows XP wireless application with just the netgear drivers and tried using the Netgear wireless application with the netgear drivers.  Using either one the card disconnects at random using WPA, then you have to repair the connection and sometimes reboot to get the connection back.  I reinstalled windows both times I changed drivers just to make sure nothing was conflicting with it, but nothing helped.  Latest drivers are 2_0_0_7 and were published in Nov 2004, so netgear has moved on to other cards and is not supporting this one any longer	0
these are extremely uncomfortable.  It's too tight and will hurt the ears.  However, if you're head is small enough, perhaps it might be okay.  On the bright side, they sound extremely well	0
Do not get these headphones, as they are way too tight. I have been using them for a month now, hoping they would break in more, but they have not. You can only have them on for 20 minutes or so before your ears hurt so bad you have to take them. Im not sure why they made them so tight, but they would probably best fit a 10 year old.	0
I bought the Zboard and was sorely disappointed in it's playbility, efficiency and value for several reasons:	0
I picked these speakers up because the price was right and they sounded great in the store. But I get them home to my quiet house and lo and behold the subwoofer constantly hums. I'm not an audiophile and therefore not overly particular about sound... other than this annoying hum from the subwoofer. Since these are set up in my home office where I spend a lot of time reading, I find this humming far too distracting. Although the price is good, I'd prefer to pay a little more just to omit the subwoofer's constant hum.	0
Can not get this thing to connect to my Linksys Wireless router.  Problem is not that it doesn't see the LinkSys, the problem is that the v2.50 firmware in the WLI-TX4-G54HP is _buggy_.  If I try to enter a 10-digit hex key for 64-bit WEP encryption-- it says I have to enter a 5-digit value.  This is the 2nd one I bought (I returned the first).  Piece of junk, and _no_ support from the manufacturer	0
One star is too many!  (It should be negative one).  This sad excuse for a television/radio has to be the worst piece of lame crud I have ever bought in my entire life.  Picture fades into black, terrible reception which fades in and out as you move about the room, smells like burning plastic after a half-hour, and so on.  Please, Amazon shoppers, don't waste any money on this!  You might just as well throw the $15 out the window.  Step up to something more reliable from a better manufacturer	0
I love bringing my ipod to parties and broadcasting it through the stereo, what use is this thing then, NONE!  Thanks for making us spend so much money Apple.  This type of stuff should be built into the iPod for $400!!	0
I purchased this armband to hold my Nano during workouts.  The band barely fits my arm and tends to slide down the arm while running or cross training.  Looking for a replacement right now	0
I adore my nano, but this armband is one of the worst products I have ever bought.  I work out quite a bit with the nano and the band comes off multiple times during my workout.  The spacing of the velcro dots means I never get exactly the right fit and the band gets ripped off anytime I do weight lifting close to my body.    It is also as other reviewers mentioned hugely overpriced for what it is.  I am ordering a band from a different company and this will go straight to the garbage.	0
I have a dishnetwork 942 HDTV DVR system. This antenna is designed for a much older system. It doesn't fit the dish very easily and was difficult to secure. I can't tell if it works because so far it just seems to be incompatible with my system	0
Do not be fooled when the description says this stand holds up to 21" monitors - that is only true for *flat-panel* monitors, not traditional CRT monitors.  Note that the weight rating says 50 pounds!  Most standard 19" monitors weigh 60 pounds or more.  I purchased this item at a Staples near me, and brought it home to use with my 19" CRT.  After placing the monitor on the stand, the stand bobbed up and down and seemed as if it would completely bend at any moment	0
I can't understand how apple sell so much ipod video while they are so bad in front of an archos. Just look at the screen and you'll understand !	0
Amazon says that it is in stock.	0
While certain labels with this software are much more easier to work with such as the CDs and the general labels, I found this product much less than satisfactory.	0
I have used these labels for a long time, mostly because they seem to be the only ones out there. The paperstock is good, but if you have a good printer the paper won't do it justice. The labels always end up looking kinda cheap.  I would love to see Memorex make a package with glossy  paper/high end paper. Maybe Epson will beat them to it	0
I really love my Garim GPS 12. It is easy to use and move between screens and features. The Summit is not as easy to use. It is not as convenient to identify way points, does not work with mapping software and its display is to simple. It was not a step up but sideways. I use it in conjunction with my GPS 12 mostly just to keep the track log	0
I bought this monitor in June 2006 and at first was quite pleased with the nice display. Less than 6 months later, in November 2006, I heard a strange noise while using the monitor and all of the sudden the screen went very bright -- like an overexposed photo. I'm currently working with Viewsonic to get it repaired (I must mail it to CA to be repaired, postage must be paid by me). All in all a disappointment and a hassle. Next time I'll buy a name brand	0
I bought these cables, brought them home and immediatly hooked them up.  I set the PS2 for component and set my TV for it as well.  And  it looked awesome....for about 2 weeks.  Then the short in the cables caused only the blue and green colors to work making everything look creepy.  It would just fade back and forth until it just stop and the TV would have all the colors washed out in green.	0
I logged 870 miles with the iway 350.  270 miles around maryland it was / is a great item. I took it on our first trip to New York and Long Island and it was terrible. The first problem occurred on the New Jersey turnpike. I was supposed to use the turnpike from start to exit 18 and at exit 4 we stopped to eat. The unit said I was off course because the rest area was 100 feet from the highway. However when we returned to the highway the unit could not chart the course any more. It said I was doing 95 miles a hour when i was doing 70, and it would lose satellites and go searching for them in the middle of the highway no obstructions of any kind anywhere. I even pulled over at exit 6 and we waited for 20 minutes to see if we just needed to stop the car for it to do the job. It did not recalculate our course until after exit 18 some 100 + miles from when it acted up. We even tried a full restart and cancel route and retried again from the address book and from direct typing the information again. About 1 mile from our destination it worked for 2 blocks and was lost again. Then after 2 more blocks we found where we where going. We often get lost on this trip this is why we purchased the unit. Then on the trip from the Bronx to Long Island a 30 mile trip it stopped 5 blocks into the journey and was recalculating. I had to call the people we where visiting and they directed us by phone. However about 1 mile from their place it started working again. We used it on long island with no trouble at all. Then on  trip back to the Bronx it worked pretty good only losing its position once on a major highway no trees or obstructions. Then on our way back from the Bronx to long Island it was lost half the way finding position and calculating . The same exact way we went in both directions but it was clearly not right leaving the Bronx. On our way back to Maryland it operated pretty good after a short stretch of lost signals and redirecting and we used exactly the same roads in both directions. I did update the software to the new 1.2.0 days before we took the trip.	0
The 350C is well packaged with almost current programming. It only got me lost eleven (11) times on a 865 mile trip:All cities in Georgia - Tybee Island to Pine Mountain to Newnan to Stone Mountain and return to Tybee Island. (I packed and returned the unit the day after getting home.) It may suit others well, but I can not rely on the unit. Four of the eleven lost episodes were because newly constructed highways were not recognized. Five were due to the unit reacting too slowly in rapid turning sequences. (One wrong turn took me sixty miles out of the way.)Two were for unknown reasons. The unit seems to take forever to acquire available satellites. Instructions are clear, but preferred views automatically switch to "Map" even when not wanted. I need a faster reacting unit that allows programming while enroute to a destination (by a passanger, of course.	0
I bought this unit on a wim.  I was leaving for a business trip and needed a GPS.  I really like it and it worked well for me.  Unfortunalty the unit wouldn't hold a charge on the battery.  So I returned it for another one.  It worked for one week and then I had the same exact problem.  Which to me is not a good sign of quality when the same problem happens on multiple units.  When I tried to return this unit, the unit I was given didn't work at all, it gave me an error message when the GPS booted up.  Unfortunaltey the vendor I purchased it from didn't have any more units that I could exchange it for.  So I called customer service and got an RAN.  I am hoping when I get the next unit back in 7 to 10 days that I don't have any more problems	0
I received the iPod quickly which was a plus. But it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs. I had friends who have the same iPod try to fix it and it never worked. I sent it back and requested a refund. It has been a month and a half and I have YET to get my $120 back.	0
I bought this since it's economical, compact, didn't need cabling (although it has an extension if you need it), advertised a whopping 108 mbps. Well so much for that:	0
All HDMI cables are created equal...well, yes and no.  While the signal is 100% digital (which means that $20 & $150 cables give the exact same picture quality), it doesn't mean that each HDMI cable type gives the same rejection of noise (signal to noise ratio) as other HDMI cables.	0
I bought Magellan RoadMate 700 Vehicle GPS 2 months back and its not working as expected. its very poor in locating the the place and sometimes don't even work. Many times this sytem got hung and power off and on again is the solution to get it work again.	0
The DVD burner connected very easily through USB, was immediately recognized by WinXP, the software installation was fine. I was beginning to feel good. However, whenever I burned a DVD (I tried 4 different brands, some R, some RW etc...), several files would contain errors, and would be completely unreadable. The burning process moreover does not detect this: one needs to verify the data written to check and find these errors. Moreover, the firmware update just does not work on my machine, pardon, machineS. Completely standard Dell machines, all latest WinXP and drivers, good CPUs (3Ghz and up), lots of memory, big hard-drives. I called customer service to try to solve the problem. First of all the average waiting time to get to a technician was about 30 minutes. The rudeness and the plain lies these guys give you are amazing. To make a long story short, I had to call 3 times. First guy: oh, "of course it doesn't work, you have EasyCD creator installed!". Ok, I buy it, I go through the (painful) uninstallation process of Roxio's software. No problems solved. Second guy: "Oh, of course it does not work, it requires 10Gb of free hard-drive space! It's written on the box". Plain lie: on the box it says you need 10Gb for NeroVision (for burning videos), but only 1Gb for Nero. Quarrel (they are tough!) with the guy who could not care less about the fact I got him lying, or that the product description is wrong. Ok, patiently I freed up 10Gb from hard drive, try again, exactly same problem. The only thing they could offer in the end was a replacement. I got perhaps relative lucky because the replacement will be a 720, not a 710, since 710 is not manufactured anymore (wonder why?). Notice I tried this on two different machines (one laptop and one desktop), with identical results.	0
I am on my third drive now, thanks to the first two breaking. Sony sent me the 720UL as a replacement for my 710UL, but it's the same drive with the exception of some faster burn times and the 720UL doesn't support MAC OS.	0
who would even think about buying something that plugs into the wall for sixty bucks! maybe thats why the ipod is so expensive...............	0
I had this adapter running in my the Cardbus slot of my Windows 98 computer and it ran fine. I installed it on my Windows 2000 laptop. Well, my first sign of trouble was a warning popup when I installed the drivers that the drivers were not certified by Microsoft. So, imagine my shock when my brand new computer constantly got Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) crashes. Big blue screen, loss of data, computer freezes tight, power button inoperative, and when you have to use a pin to press that tiny little laptop reset button on a brand new computer, well, we all know that's when you're in Computer Hell.	0
No way am I purchasing this for my iPod. I would love to be able to charge my iPod away from my iMac, but I refuse to purchase this. This should of been included in the box. It is a tremendous ripoff to buy an AC adapter seprately (and at $30), but then again, I'm sure Apple is making a ton off of this gimic, but I refuse to contribute. I can see not including a dock, A/V cables, etc, as those aren't   essential iPod accessories. But an AC adapter? Come on. Bad Apple. Bad!	0
I have been a DVR user through Cox Cable for approx. 1 yr, and have always been disappointed.  I have kept my eye on Tivo for some time, and when my DVR box went out for the 2nd time, I decided it was time to try Tivo.  I got a refurbished Series2 DVR that was free for signing a 1 yr commitment for $12.95 per month.	0
I bought a lot of Panasonic stuff in the past without any problems but the picture quality on this thing is awful, even at the highest quality setting. All I saw were blocky artifacts that seemed to be blinking. I even had the DNR (digital noise reduction) enabled and it didn't help. Most recordings skipped and stuttered at the beginning. I took it back for refund and Best Buy told me this model is known for doing that. I don't see how Panasonic can put their name on this junk. Those cheap $99 recorders you find at Walmart have better quality than this.	0
Heaven help you if you want to use this with the FM remote -- a very common usage at heath clubs which provide TV rebroadcasts over FM. The FM remote connects to the iPod via a large plug on the left hand side.  The armband provides a small circular hole on the right hand side, but no means of connecting the large FM remote plug	0
This portable color tv doesn't give me any channel that you can actually watch. I returned it and I was credited. However, much to my surprise I received the same five inch tv as I had returned. It already cost me to have it returned. Since I didn't ask for it, should I consider it a gift	0
Stay away from vonage!  I have had it for several months, and have been trying to cancel it.  I have been put on hold a MINUMUM of 45 minutes to and HOUR each time, and then transferred to someone ELSE who then does the bait and switch AGAIN. When you go to their web site, the only thing you can get is their custumer service number, which takes you RIGHT BACK to the same old nonsense. I need to cancel because of a military deployment, and all I'm getting is a run around...the same thing happened with AOL, but this is EVEN WORSE. There are tons of blogs out now about how VONAGE SUCKS...check them out. It's no wonder this company is tanking, their customer service is the absolute WORST!!!!!!!! I hope they read this.... they really need to change!!	0
I had been using the lock for my laptop for the past 4 months without any trouble. All of a sudden, today, as I went to pick up the lock, which had been left untouched in the open position overnight with my combination in it, it decided to change combinations by itself. So it was in the locked position but the combination is still the one I had set. I tried so many combinations 'around' mine but obviously there are so many different possibilites. The fact that I even have to try to think of what combination my lock decided to change itself to today makes this a lock I can't rely on	0
I am in the process of looking to return.  The seal is not so good, so you have to run it through the machine a couple of times.  In addition, the lamination has ridges in it.  It isn't a smoothe finish (and it isn't air pockets??	0
I initially chose this router because of its low price. Sometimes, you get what you pay for, and that is exactly what happened to me. As a wired router, this works well enough. It connects four computers to the internet. Just don't do anything to intense with it, and you should be fine. I noticed that when I view video media, the connection totally freezes. But for basic internet and downloading, it works.	0
I've been using my BEFW11S4 for a few months now. The little thing has its good points - a nice, unobtrusive little box I can just plug in and hide on top of some piece of office furniture, allowing my rather over-laptop-equipped household some nice convenient net access, while still allowing the home office systems a wired connection.	0
I bought this router and spent almost two hours online with Linksys. After trying every sort of suggestion and speaking with three different tech support people who barely spoke English I finally understood that Linksys has "limited support for Macs." When I asked what "limited support" means, I was told "we are not trained to help people with a Mac. If you can borrow a windows PC we can help you". What a waste of time. I am sending the router back. Beware if you have a Mac	0
The first Vista Cx I purchased died after only 3 days of use. I returned it to Amazon who immediately and painlessly replaced it.  The second unit lasted for 4 days until I fell waist deep into a stream with the unit in my pocket. Though it was only submersed for a matter of seconds it immediately stopped working and water was seen internally around the screen. Garmin's claim of waterproofness for 1m for 10 minutes is utter baloney. The poorly designed T-style lock on the battery case cannot possibly assure water integrity from anything beyond high humidity. I probably wouldn't buy buy another Garmin but I'm stuck with them as I have already invested $200 in proprietary MapSource software.  I guess that was their plan.	0
This is the best sounding PC speaker system available. Absolutley stellar sound quality--for how long is a serious problem. I too own 2 of these systems. After eleven months of bliss my first amp also went out.	0
The first subwoofer died (no sound) after 6 days.  Remember, the sub powers all the speakers in this system.  I sent it back to the company I bought it from and they were nice enough to take care of "Klipsch's faulty product".  They asked me if I would like a refund and like an idiot I said, "No, just send me another one".  The replacement Klipsch system arrived and it played great for about 14 months and then NOTHING.  No power from the sub!  Same problem but now my warranty is up.  Klipsh has a way of designing things to work just past the warranty.  Shame on Klipsch for making such a shoddy product.  Shame on me for asking for a replacement and getting burned twice.  Heed all these warnings my friends.  I would buy used speakers at a garage sale before I would buy another Klipsh product.  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!	0
These speakers do sound great but just like many others who have reviewed these speakers, they eventually just stop working. It sounds like I was one of the lucky ones as mine lasted two years. But I really didn't use them all that much and I don't blast the volumes. When you spend this kind of many on a product it should at least last 5 years or so. I've never had any other speaker brand just stop working on me before. Worse of all is to hear that Klipsch is charging a lot of money to repair their faulty products  and that people had problems with them even after they were "repaired". Well, I'm not wasting time and money on repairing them. I'm just switching to Logitech. No more Klipsch ever again for me.	0
I received the iPod quickly which was a plus. But it was horrible when it would only download 5 songs. I had friends who have the same iPod try to fix it and it never worked. I sent it back and requested a refund. It has been a month and a half and I have YET to get my $120 back.	0
I like other Lacie drives I've used very much, thought I'd take a chance on this, but it just does not work.  It takes me about a hundred swipes on average to get the biometric sensor to work...That is keeping data a bit TOO secure to be helpful.  Also there have been reports of complete data loss by others,but I've not had that experience - could be I just haven't been able to GET to my data enough to find out.  Support from Lacie was completely unhelpful (wash your hands and the sensor before swiping which I have already done dozens of times was the only suggestion).  If the drive could be partioned so you could have a secure partition and an easier to access partion, the failure of biometrics would not be so serious, but as is, I would definitely not purchase this again, and I would strongly advise against it unless there is some kind of firmware or other improvement	0
We have 50+ of these cards at work and I have 4 at home.  I have never seen a more "fragile" PCI card.  If you slam a door or stomp your feet near the PC, this card may very well cease to function on the next reboot.  God forbid you attempt to move the tower.  Every other day, someone has a malfunctioning card which needs to be jiggled, removed and reinserted, or otherwise screwed with.	0
We purchased this phone to go with the rest of the set and we were extremely disappointed!!  We had to return them for a different brand because we could not hear!!!  They were so static that you often could not hear the person speaking!!  You would think at this price it would not be so static.  We went for a brand at a much lower price and they are crystal clear!	0
Jan 2 2006	0
You'd think that a Palm screen protector from Palm would be best in class. However, these Palm "premium" screen protectors have a lifespan of about 3-4 days at best. I'm very careful with my new Palm TX, yet under normal use the stylus easily scratches the screen protector to such an extent that the device no longer accurately recognizes stylus input. I also dislike having to cut the screen protectors to size. I've tried an Invisible Shield screen protector, and it was tough as nails; the problem was that installation was difficult, and the tacky surface also produced input errors. Next I'm trying a Boxwave ClearTouch. I never had this sort of problem with the old Fellowes WriteRight protector, which lasted a year or more on my old Palm m130	0
Monster Cable and its similarly overpriced imitators are a triumph of hype over substance, and ruthlessly exploits the consumer's naivete and trust in shady audio/video salespeople.	0
I AM DISGUSTED TO REALIZE THAT ALTHOUGH CRUCIAL MARKETS THIS CARD AS COMING WITH A DRIVER FOR WIN98SE, IT DOES NOT.  THE CD IT CAME WITH DID NOT HAVE A DRIVER (although it said it did) THE WEB SIGHT DOES NOT HAVE DRIVERS AND AFTER TWO PROMISES ON THE PHONE FROM CRUCIAL TECH SUPPORT PROMISING TO SEND ME ONE, I STILL DON'T HAVE IT.  I DON'T BELIEVE THIS DRIVER EXISTS. SO MUCH FOR TRUTH IN ADVERTISING AND AMERICAN COMPANY INTEGRITY	0
When I plugged these in they worked fine for about seven minutes, then the speaker's internal power simply cut off. Happened on the AC adapter or batteries, whether I was using my computer or my iPod as the sound source. Same behavior every time.	0
The Koss Pro4AAT headphones are quality headphones, but sounds weak when driven through a regular headphone jack from your receiver or tv.  To get the great sounds that everyone else seems to rave about, you really need to run these headphones through a headphone amp.  Also, the ear pads are of a vinyl-like material which doesn't breathe well, making it uncomfortable to wear for extended periods.  I've read that leatherette pads are available, but so far haven't been able to find them.  The warranty alone is great, but I wouldn't recommend these headphones unless you have a headphone amp	0
Device unexpectedly stopped working after 9 months.  Has not been thru a washing machine, fallen in the ocean or been run over by a truck!  Just nestled in my briefcase.  Bullet-proof case is great gimick, but this device is unreliable as a backup for "road" files.  Might be better off using your PDA with a large SD card	0
I had one that worked for a year that came with the original phone. Then, I just ordered this one from Amazon and it worked for 30 days. Like other reviews you see here, people started not being able to hear me, but I could hear them. So the microphone broke. But, I called Uniden tech support and they recommended I replace the battery on the phone for $37. So, I just ordered a new phone and tested the headset -- sure enough it wasn't the phone -- it was the headset. A costly mistake. I would not buy this headset again. Also, Amazon has a 30 day return policy, so if it breaks, make sure you return it within that 30 days or you are stuck with it	0
I just bought a new RatpadzGS to replace my four year old ratpadz. Compaired to the old Ratpad, the RatpadzGS is made with a lower density Cheap-O(tm) plastic and tracks poorly with my logitech G7 mouse. When using the mouse on the GS it causes the curser to sort of stutter along. Overall I would pass on this product, for now my desk actually works better than this mousepad.	0
It was an okay mousepad for approximately a year and a half.  Every so often, my optical mouse jittered from one edge of the screen to the other when left stationary, but I encountered no serious problems.	0
i don't like how easy it get scratch, and if u get the black one even worst, i went shopping for cases but they get scratch inside the cases too, just by been in the case, i return the case, then i when for those clear stickers and i recomend to put those on on a really clean table and very dry and clean hands may be use glove cause a little touch and there goes your finger print in the sticker, and with a black ipod you can't miss it. and if u don't take your time u will have a lot of air bubbles showing in your ipod, so after a week looks like something that i have for a year, it sucks.	0
The Netgear wireless router product is apparently in working order because I mailed it to my son in Tennessee who got it to work just fine on his equipment which is the same as mine. Surely, I'm not so technically savvy as my son, but I can read and write and follow directions. The setting up of the equipment is quite complicated, in my view, far moreso than it should be. I've set up other peripherals with success, but this product is more than I can handle. I've followed the directions, over and over, and still the router doesn't connect. I've given up. Can't handle the frustration. By the way, I'm way over the age of 13. I have grandchildren over the age of 13.	0
After a bit of sweat I've managed to get the printer working fine from both my XP and MAC OS Tiger computers  ...... until I unplug the direct ethernet cable to the router that is needed for set-up.  Then nothing happens i.e. no wireless printing.	0
I contacted D-Link support and they verified that this product was tested and worked with a very minimum number of popular USB printers (I believe the number was around 30-40).	0
Several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace  a composite (L/R audio + video) cable, or an S-video (multi-pinned plug). ALmost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the TV uses different internal circuitry for each one. Virtually any S-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable, and any component (individual R-G-B video) connection will be better than S-video. Cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it. There may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another, but its almost always unnoticable	0
I was in the market to upgrade my printer and used Amazon's reviews to decide on a Canon MP530. It does a good job, but when I plug the USB cord into the printer, the connection to the Internet drops every time. I have to disconnect from the printer so I can get on-line. Recently I filled out a rather lengthy application on the Internet and plugged in the USB cable so I could print. That step caused the connection to drop and I got to reenter all the information. I will be returning the Canon MP530 and start my search for another all-in one printer	0
The Memorex U3 TravelDrive is simply a piece of crap. I bought it for easy data transfer when on travel, but it seldom works in any computer. The logo comes up when I plug it in and it simply hangs there. It's utterly worthless	0
It was not worth the cost to ship it back	0
I bought with lots of ilussion this this Ipod, i put all my music in it and use it!! after a 5 months it stop working, it didn't charge the battery. I took it to best buy where I bought it and they told me that it has "external damage" and didn' repair it. I send it to Apple service and return it without services because the same reason. My Ipod didn't have that damage, it has only a few scratches on the screen. After lots of calls and fight they told me that to fix it I would have to pay US$250.00 that is almost what it cost new. TERRIBLE SERVICE FROM APPLE.. SHORT LIVE.. DON'T RECOMMENDED. Now I'm looking for another option for MP3 player to buy.	0
The modem works well but was very hard to set up.  Much harder than an Apple Airport that I had setup previousl	0
I recently purchased this item from Amazon. What I received was version 2 of this modem. The current version on the Linksys site is version 4. As a Cox customer, the results of my purchase were unsatisfactory. I will be returning this and purchasing the version 4 Linksys from another vendor	0
A short list of grievances:	0
Is there a less than 1 star.  After 5month, it just stopped working,  How do i get my money back.  Not worth it for the money.  I have a smaller tv that I have had for 6 years and still works.	0
I was never happy with this product.  The picture always had a green tint and would not adjust out.  After less than a year the tube blew out.	0
This set lost color and picture quality over the few months that I owned it and then it just stopped working.  I'm going to buy something else and so should you	0
This phone is really cool but it has two major flaws. The first is the caller ID problem which the other posts have already described in som detail. The second is that although the incoming volume is fine, the people on the other end have trouble hearing me and say that i sound 'far away and very soft'. Troubleshooting and reseting doesn't seem to help. Will return ASAP	0
It looks sexy, but it just doesn't work. The scroll pad is so finicky I wanted to throw it out the window after the first hour. About half the time it moves the cursor when you want to scroll, or it scrolls when you want to move the cursor. The other half the time, it does nothing no matter what part of the pad you touch or how hard or lightly you press. Also beware that if you return this just because you're not satisfied with how it works, Amazon will charge you for both outgoing and return postage! (I've giving it one star out of pity, and because it does look sharp.	0
you may notice i am writing this in lowercase.  i am using the s510 keyboard i bought over a year ago.  the shift keys suddenly went out so the keyboard is now useless. i have to subtract for longevity.  the mouse that comes with the keyboard is poor but i use it with another mouse anyway.  and, as noted in other reviews this, in common with most other usb keyboards, only works with basic functionality when hooked up through a usb kvm switch.  on the good side, the battery life is very good and i think it looks nice, but i'll be looking for something else for a replacement..	0
After seeing a wide range in the prices for HDMI cables, I did some research into why is it. Found out that these cables carry digital signals (0's and 1's), so no matter what kind of fancy name you add before this cable, its basic purpose is simple like a cat5 cable. Then I went ahead and bought the cheaper ones which are working perfectly fine. So, dont be fooled by the high price cables. There is no special sheilding &%*p in them. Its all misleading marketing. For this length of cable, I would pay maybe $5	0
From reading the reviews the product weighs 14 oz and is tiny. from reading amazon's specs:	0
Do not be deceived by the photo this thing is tiny. If that is what you are looking very small low volume very portable I suppose it is ok but over price for what you get. I think $30.00 would have been about right. There is no bass response and for there size how could there be. I am keeping them but only because they are so small they might come in handy for hotel use only! The packaging is very cool but the fidelity is non existent	0
I've never had a product [...] out after one week of use. The screen froze up and no matter what troubleshooting tip I tried from the creative website, nothing worked. Now I'm waiting to hear back from email support because they don't have 24 hour phone support. Not impressed. Would have gotten an iPod, but this thing was given as a gift	0
I really enjoyed my Zen, when it worked.  The first one I ordered I had to return becuase it would only play every other song, and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and I would have to take out the battery to make it stop.  So, I exchanged it for a new one, and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again, it would freeze up, and would only play 5 seconds of every song. What I liked about it, for the small amount of time I had it was the sound quality, the choice in colors, and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space.  I'm not sure I would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days.  Now I have an Iriver Clix and have had no problems.  It has less storage but I don't care, it is easier to control and I haven't had problems with it	0
I bought this as an extra support for my wrist and within 2 weeks the gel started to ooze from the seems.  I ended up having to staple all around the edges of the bean to stop the ooze which has worked but definately a design flaw.	0
There are too many files you must hunt for online that are not on the cd.  If you can read Chinese you may fare better than reading the English instructions for the software.  I'm returning mine and will try something a little more expensive but from a company with better quality control	0
We'll give the unit two stars instead of one, since when it does work, it works well, with nice print-outs.	0
I've had many fax machines and this one, when it worked, certainly wasn't the worst of the bunch. Problem is, the auto document feed tray is cheesy. No matter how many times I smoothed, then fanned the paper, it would accept two to five sheets at a time. If I fed one at a time, this unit worked like a champ. Unfortunately, that can be said of most units.  I've had good Brother machines in the past, and probably will buy another, better, Brother fax. This one got me so frustrated I threw it out the back door. It's still laying there, only there seems to be more pieces now	0
This card DOES NOT work with NOKIA 6682. I bought this card from an other website and missed the earlier review here.	0
The software it is sent with is different than the instructions given, I have yet to get it to work with my laptop w/xp and a Ir HP laser jet. It may work fine for some cell apps phones etc.	0
The Memorex DVD+R has got to be one of the worst dvd-r's out in the market. Not only is the rate of a successful DVD burn very low (movies, games, etc.), it also has a horrible shelf life that lasts for about four months. From what I hear from other members, Memorex uses a low-quality dye, and is explicitly evident in the red colored deterioration of the dye that can be seen on the top layer of the disk. All my DVD+R's are actually stained RED for some reason?!? Overall, go with verbatim or heck, even COMPUSA dvd's will be more suffice than this garbage	0
I got this MP3 at a Black Friday sale and I was absolutly thrilled with it...until the end broke off. The end where the battery was broke off one day and wouldn't stay on. I now have to hold it in place with rubber bands. Now, the player will constantly shut off whenever it moves the slightest bit. The radio, however(before it broke)was great, the organization of the files was good and the mic worked okay if you talked straight into it. Overall, this was okay for the money I paid for it, but I wouldn't recommend this to anyone	0
Be aware before you buy this flash drive that it will not accept file names with many commonly used characters like: '?' and '/'. When it encounters	0
We ordered this radio to have on hand in case of emergency.  After an hour of cranking to start the power, the crank came off.  Got it back on, cranked more, came off again.  Small heartattack later from all the fruitless cranking, we sent it back the next day.  Looking for another option for an emergency radio, haven't found one yet.	0
I bought one of these, brand new.  When I use it with a portable CD  Player/Radio on the proper settings for my unit, the radio works for about 15 seconds, then shuts down.  Like the other reviewer, I'm wondering if the voltages are off.  Will try a meter..	0
I bought this for my 80-year-old mother, who is disabled and can't cope with a computer. Every time the typewriter is turned on, we find that it either types the wrong letter (press a Q, it prints an S; press E and get P, etc.) or else it prints the correct letter but they are not spaced correctly (some overlapping, some huge spaces). There is some esoteric combination of keystrokes that, supposedly, will reset the programming. But this is just too much for Mom. Also, every time it's turned on, you have to re-program the line spacing, the tabs and everything else. I ended up buying a 40-year-old manual typewriter on e-Bay and Mom is much happier with it	0
This printer binds up on two pieces of paper! If there is the least resistance during a jam, the flimsy plastic gears become stripped and the printer is trash. This is what happened to me after less than two months of light use...and I stayed within the manufacturer's guidelines. However, there is NO WARRANTEE on this printer, so BUYER BEWARE	0
Happy with the three tips included, I decided to try these for the heck of it.  While they go nicely and comfortably deep into the ear and don't dare come out until you intend for them to, for some reason, they diminish the quality of the sound greatly.  I can most closely describe it as the sound of overcompressed MP3s.  They took nearly all of the clarity out of the music	0
I really enjoyed my Zen, when it worked.  The first one I ordered I had to return becuase it would only play every other song, and after it started acting up all the lights would start blinking and I would have to take out the battery to make it stop.  So, I exchanged it for a new one, and just like the other after only one week the lights started going crazy again, it would freeze up, and would only play 5 seconds of every song. What I liked about it, for the small amount of time I had it was the sound quality, the choice in colors, and the fact that it was so much cheaper than other models with the same amount of storage space.  I'm not sure I would recommend it becuase of the fact that they both only worked for a few days.  Now I have an Iriver Clix and have had no problems.  It has less storage but I don't care, it is easier to control and I haven't had problems with it	0
I recently bought this keyboard to go along with a fancy ergonomic laptop stand.  The stand puts the laptop screen at a reasonable height for use on a desktop -- that works great.  The keyboard, however, is fairly awful, and I'm returning it.	0
After purchasing the stylus, I immideatley noticed that the styli were far significantly lighter in weight than the factory included stylus for the Tungsten T5.  Even worse, after a fatal exception and hard lock on the T5, I noticed that these styli have no built-in pin to hit the reset button with	0
There is nothing good to say about this speaker except the size.  The sound quality sucks.  It stops mid song on a regular basis.  It is just a piece of crap.  It is so crappy that I am throwing it away rather than give to someone	0
I bought this item about two months ago and was happy as can be. No more equipment in the tv room! About two weeks ago though, I noticed that the unit was slower and slower and I had to hit buttons repeatedly to get things done. It has eventually gotten to the point that it does not work at all. At first I thought it was batteries in the remote, so I replaced those a few times. Then I thought the placement of the IR transmitter was off, so I moved it closer to my AV rack. That worked at first, but the problem persisted so I reprogrammed, but to no avail. Eventually I narrowed it down to the remote unit. Even with the remote RIGHT NEXT TO THE IR Transmitter, it now does not work most of the time. Of course the real problem now is that all my av stuff is in a different room, so standard IR remotes (why do they even make those still????) are out of the question. I will be moving onto something else and keep my fingers crossed.	0
The GE Superadio III used to be a great radio.   I bought my first one seven years ago and it worked so well that I bought another.  I have recently purchased two more as gifts and they are not the same radio.  Side-by-side they look the same (except for the numbers on the tuning dial).  Inside they have dissimilar circuit boards.  The real difference is the two new radios are unable to tune stations nearly as well as the older radios.  I would recommend not purchasing this radio	0
i was very disappointed with the ge superadio  3  i owned a  superadio2 10 years ago which was far superior my advice save your money  i had trouble with stations less than 90 miles away this radio is very overated.piossibly poor quality control	0
i order this item and it got lost in the mail. They resend it which was fine but, as soon as i recieve it i turn on the this item and the screen turned blank. I advised not to buy this item	0
As mentioned by others the actual product does not look like the photo and is a little on the flimsy side. That did not concern me too much. My problem is that it does not work properly with my Samsung 13-inch color TV. It turns the set on and off and steps up/down the channels but I cannot ehter a two digit channel number and have it go to the correct channel. For example, if I enter "54" it goes to "55". I tried all the listed setup codes given in the instructions	0
About 1 year after having this remote to go along with my Phillips DVD player the remote conked out. The buttons, while almost all  responsive, will not sync up with the systems anymore, and the learning feature on the remote control seems to be defunct. You get what you pay for, I suppose	0
I had reservations when buying - according to online reviews many of these devices seem to be defective (the Belkin as well).  I purchased anyway and my fears were confirmed.  LEDs do not light, does not transmit on any frequency.  Manufacturer representative (from India) confirmed that it is defective.  Return will be time consuming and frustrating, but $50 is enough to make me endure even more pain.  Don't buy this item	0
Can't say much for the video or sound quality, menu options, or anything really, since this thing broke after 2 minutes of watching Monsters, Inc. on DVD.  Playback just froze, the thing stopped recognizing that DVDs were in unless you turned the thing off and then back on again, and after another minute it wouldn't even start  playing the thing at all, just whirred a lot.	0
Great DVD/VCR combo but does not play DVD's from other region. Does not have an eject button on the remote either. If u have DVD's, VCD from other countries that you would be playing I do not recommed this player	0
My player had the same headphones jack problem that so many people here have had, which ended up rendering it useless (out of warranty).	0
This music player was decent: Nice look, controls, and sound. There are many nice features including decent software and using it as a data drive. There are really good things about this unit; however, the faults are just too great; thus, superseding the great features.	0
I purchased this product and ran home to try it out.  not 5 minutes after plugging it in to my computer, my computer freezes.  I restart and it says my device is malfunctioning.  I manage to get it working for about 5 minutes before it craps out on me again.  I try upgrading the drivers and it refuses to connect to my network. I'm a network engineer and I am well versed in what I am doing, but this card has given me nothing but trouble. I had to disable the software that came with it and use the windows wireless software to connect.  This only keeps me alive for about 30 minutes before freezing.  I talked to netgear support and they tell me that my processor isn't supported, which is total BS and just an attempt to get out of supporting me, they wouldn't even let me return the product.  My advice: go with linksys or d-link or SMC, ANYONE but netgear	0
Several reviews mention the improvement when these cables to replace  a composite (L/R audio + video) cable, or an S-video (multi-pinned plug). ALmost all of that improvement is due to the fact that these cable connection methods are completely different types in signal format and the TV uses different internal circuitry for each one. Virtually any S-video cable connection will give a better image than a composite type cable, and any component (individual R-G-B video) connection will be better than S-video. Cable brand has absolutely nothing to do with it. There may be some difference between one brand of component cable and another, but its almost always unnoticable	0
I bought this product less than a year ago. 2 days ago, I locked my laptop and tried to unlock it.  But I couldn't.  It was somehow messed up and the combination did not work.  I HAD TO CUT IT!!!  I don't know how it got messed up but I'm sure that it was not study enough to last long	0
I have been using this lock for a few months without changing the combination. Suddenly I could no longer open it as it appears that the lock has changed its combination by itself.	0
While I don't have any evidence to refute the package claim that it "attaches to any notebook",  once attached to my son's computer it was almost impossible to remove.  It took 10 minutes to get it off and we were pulling so hard I thought we would damage the computer.   We will be returning it.  Not recommended	0
The first unit couldn't even find FM stereo stations. It had similar FM specs as the Sony ST_JX410 AM/FM Tuner it was replacing.  It was returned as a faulty unit. The replacement STRDE 197 was able to find stereo FM stations which played fine in monoral but were noisy in stereo. My 25 year old JX410 tuner did an excellent job on FM stereo stations. The second unit was returned for a refund. Sony's quality isn't what it use to be. I bought an Onkyo TX-SR304. The FM works fine with more features & expandability.	0
I bought this receiver from Amazon, & received it about 10 days ago.  Since then, I've tried to play my cassettes of classical music.  When used for this purpose, this receiver sucks big time.  If I turn the volume loud enough to hear the orchestra playing softly, when the orchestra gets loud the amp shuts down & PROTECT flashes on & off.  I have to turn the receiver off, then turn it back on, & lower the volume.  Then of course when the music gets soft again, I can't hear it	0
I bought one of these, it has a bad audio "crackling" noise on every mode except FM tuner (an obvious defect). Sounds like a capacitor going bad, not sure how it got through final test.	0
After two months, this phone stopped working. It was returned to Panasonic Repair and we received a notice thirty days later saying that the phone was back ordered and delivery would be in 6-8 weeks.  This is not customer service. Panasonic should have refunded the purchase price or offered a comparable or better phone. When called today to check on status of order, answer was basically "tough luck." Never again, Panasonic. Amazon should discontinue this brand	0
As others have reported, my latch broke as well, but I broke it within three days of ownership.  Within a month, I cracked the bit of plastic that is supposed to hold the palm in place when I was removing it from the case to sync it.  At the time, the case had so many gashes and dings that it really looked unpresentable.  Bought a Rhinoskin to replace this.  Look elsewhere before you purchase this one	0
OK, so it protects the TX on a fall, however the latching mechanism depends on a thin piece of plastic that eventually breaks, rendering the case without anyway of remaining shut on its own.	0
I purchased the case along with my new Palm TX to protect it on trips or whenever carrying it. It's a metal shell with a molded plastic liner. The little plastic catch in the lid half, which keeps the case closed, never seemed to work quite correctly, requiring several sliding motions before it would click shut. On a trip on March 3rd, this very small lip of plastic molded into the case broke away. Now it has no catch to keep it closed. Since the case cost me about $24 new and I'd only get about half price for the return, I figure the broken little catch costs me too much to return. I'll use a rubber band around the case, reminding me how flimsy and insufficient the case closing mechanism is. Save your money and don't buy this case. I don't remember reading the reviews before I ordered it -- so there's a $24 lesson	0
Of the various iPod cases I've tried I found this one to be the worst.  The click wheel cover is impractical and annoying and the screen cover falls out all too easily.  Using plastic in rubber hinges was a bad idea which simply does not work well.  See my other reviews for better iPod protectors	0
I was delighted with my ToughSkin for all of two hours. That's how long it took for the belt clip to break, rendering my new purchase worthless to me.	0
First off, I bought this headset for gaming, which anyone who enjoys the pastime will tell you how quickly the hours can melt away. Gamers are dependant on an ultra comfortable pair of headphones that we shouldn't be able to feel. I have been searching high and low for the Holy Grail of comfort and I was certain paying $90+ for a "gaming" headset would be the end of my search. Sorry, these guys are going back.	0
Terrible. No bass. "J" type wiring is hard to adjust to. Substandard product for Panasonic. AVOI	0
I've been a fan of Sony earbuds for many years.  Due to the bad reviews of durability of the latest Sony earbuds, I decided on purchasing these Panasonic headphones. I bought these headphones because my Sony headphones died after 3 years and to upgrade my factory Creative Zen Micro headphones.  I found a perfect fit between the 3 size earplugs.  I've noticed that it does block out the sound in your surroundings.  It's good for that commute to work when there is a lot of noise.  I like the around the neck feature.  As far as quality, the extention part of the wiring looks durable but not the around the neck part of it.  As far as the performance of the headphones, I'm really disappointed in these headphones.  My factory Creative headphones had out performed these.  The bass level is too low even when I max out the bass in the player.  The mids and treble sound like crap. Don't waste your money on these!  Now I have to spend more money to replace these poor quality headphones!  argh!	0
We tried the Belkin in one car. When we turned the Ipod on, the car battery immediately discharged (we had to buy a new car battery) and the Ipod died. We bought another Belkin and tried it in a different car and with a different Ipod (in case the first incident was a coincidence) and this Ipod died too. The Ipods were under warranty, the car battery was not. We tried this with 2 different Belkins, in 2 different cars with 2 different Ipods. I would not recommend this product to anyone.	0
These labels were advertised with the Seiko Label Printer.  They did not work with the printer because the printer requires thermal labels.  I sent these labels back to Amazon and they promptly refunded my money	0
Instead of getting this just get the cheaper skins. I figured to get the nicer one since I already shelled out all my money on an iPod, but it is a lot of money for a carrying case. Definetly get the skins	0
the case looks nice, but not practical. Everytime you need to change the volume or track you have to pull your ipod out.  My ipod had scratch marks on it the first week.  Unfortunately, all the picture you see of this case is from the side view, so you cannot see that there is no opening for the wheel and the display.  I recommend iskin product.	0
Maybe I got a defective pair, but the noise cancel barely does anything, maybe cuts out 3%. Not worth it, taking back and trying something else	0
THe radio works great....except  the last   2 Sony walkman am/fm radios I have had  you were able to CLIP onto your WAISTE band when exercising.....it was just a large CLIP thing....THIS new one has a different type that you HAVE to use a BELT with!   and WHO  uses a belt to work out ?  I certainly dont.....so I am using a VERY LARGE safety pin   thru the hole in the back and then I pin it onto my shorts....which has made a nice hole in the material of  two pairs.  Otherwise it is a great item	0
I actually meant to order the Philips 7-incher (brighter screen, $20 cheaper, bulkier), but somehow I got confused when I placed the order...this one looked beautiful so I was pretty psyched anyway and was definitely going to keep it.  I was planning on using this for work, as I get a lot of DVD's from clients - so I popped one of those in and guess what?  It came up as "invalid disc".  It's supposed to play the majority of formats, and I triple checked the disc in my other dvd players, and it worked in my Panasonic DVD/VHS combo player.  A store-bought DVD worked fine (although I didn't play it much more than the first menu) so I know it's not broken.	0
I ordered 2 of these, realizing they would have limited adjustment range - other reviews are correct in that they are very limited in their travel. What prompts my one star rating and subsequent return of my order is that they will not hold their rated weight. This model is supposed to hold a 25 lb. monitor; it failed miserably at attempting to hold my 23 lb. iMac. There is no tension adjustment (already as tight as it would go) and the computer just flopped forward. With a light monitor, I'm sure it would be fine, but don't expect even close to the stated 25 lb. rating.	0
I spent $400 16 months ago on two very similar portable Audiovox DVD players for my kids, for long roadtrips.  They were handled with care, never abused or exposed to severe temperatures.  I think we got about 6 trips out of them, then the screens went blank while in use and both units died within 24 hours of each other.  Circuit City informed me the product is no longer on their shelves and referred me to Audiovox, who will do nothing since the product is now out of warranty.  Extended warranties are useless on this kind of product -- who can wait 6-8 weeks for repairs?  Parents, find another brand	0
Bought one from Amazon, they sat on the order for a week before shipping a unit that arrived dead. Went through the return/replacement process and they sat on the order for over a week this time and the  that one arrived dead with the exact same failure mode.	0
My first GPS. It was pretty expensive and had lots of nice features (ability to save many tracks). The software is very US-centric.	0
I purchased two of these units the first one worked OK. The second one has a problem. In a side by side comparison the signal qualities of the two units vary. I checked there accuracy and tracking with OziExplorer moving map software. The first unit tracks pretty good, but the second units position is off a large percentage of the time and sometimes as much as 400 meters. I sent the faulty unit to Garmin to be repaired. They sent it back with a description of the problem and that it had been fixed. I checked the unit out and it is the same as when I sent it to them. Now I'm stuck with a dud	0
My brand-new card failed the first time I tried to download pictures from it; I lost all of the pictures from my two-week trip to Guatemala	0
This has got to be the worst camera out there. I don't even think it's suitable for my 13 year old son. The pictures come out horrible! Good thing it was purchase mainly with gift certificates. I'm still sorry I wasted them on this piece of junk	0
I purchased this camera for my daughter for Christmas. It was small,compact, and fairly inexpesive, perfect for a preteen. First, it took forever to charge (the instructions indicate that it takes four hours). After waiting for hours, my daughter attempted to take pictures, but the camera would not work. The manual shows several different symbols that you should see in the LCD display, but none of these symbols appeared on this camera. I am returning the camera immediately and I would not advise anyone to purchase one.	0
I bought this so called "stereo" system at a Big Lot's Store for about $40.00. I figured since they were selling it there it must be a good deal, and it looked very cool too. It worked for about a month before it started skipping and remote was wigging out. It never sounded any better than one of those old plastic 45 record players. It looked good in my daughters bedroom but it lookes and sounds much better in the dumpster. I can't believe this company can get away with selling this worthless crap. I will never buy anything from them again	0
I would love this keyboard except for the spacebar, which sticks very badly. It installed easily-is sleek and comfortable-but is not usable for very long because of this glitch. I'm starting to see more reviews on this spacebar problem-so it looks to be fairly common with this model.	0
I've loved these headphones for the year or two I've had them.  I still love them now....  when they work.  The problem is that the cord is shoddy.  When I plug into my laptop I have a hard time keeping it working.  I have to twist the cord just right to get the sound to work.  If its not just right I'll get sound in only one ear, if at all.  I don't think this happened because of any handling issues seeing as how the base just sits on my desk.  I don't think it has ever left my office and I don't tend to put items on top of the wire that might crush it.  Overall I like these things, but I'm just getting sick of the sound phasing in and out when my laptop moves the slightest bit	0
I purchased this in the hope that I would be able to record verbal messages to myself, creative thoughts and ideas, etc. It does an adequate job of that. I had also hoped I could use it as a simple player, to download affirmations and such to listen to throughout the day. This it won't do, and it was not clear to me from the information here and on the Olympus site that it would not function this way.	0
I was not able to get this card working with my Win2K laptop. I'm no novice, have configured the rest of my wireless network without any problem, and have had a friend's Netgear card working in the same system. I called tech support and after working with me they said the card was defective and to send it back, which I did. However, I had the same problem with the replacement card. So, I can't recommend this product	0
1.  Buttons are too small, some of which are not spaced apart very well (very convenient for somebody waking up who can accidentally hit the wrong button).	0
I had this 6 months (which is how long it takes to figure out how to use it!) and the backlight is no longer working. So I can't see the time, without a flashlight or lamp	0
i had these headphones for a few years then they got crushed in half in my bag. they hurt your ears after about ten minutes. they are durable though. i would recommend the kind that clip behind your ear	0
my this earbud headphone is  poor in bass response comapared to my sony mdr g-54lp(beware mdr-g54lp and mdr g54lp is two different models there is difference of - sign)  actually in experts view this type small earbuds use to give poor sound this is true with any  brand and model so never buy earbud type small headphone if you want small headphone buy IN THE EAR CANAL  type headphone  in experts view this type in ear earphone use to give good crystal clear sound example sony mdr ex 71 / 81, shure e2c etc. if bigger headphone is ok than buy mdr-g54lp	0
While the price of the 8 in 1 card reader is reasonable, consider this.  This card reader has a nasty habit of rendering smart media card useless.  Evidently, if you cut and paste or delete data on the SM card using thee 8 in 1 card reader, the reader rewrites the signature file so that it cannot be read by the camera.  So that $24 card has the potential to cost you over $80.00.  In addition, customer service is slow and I have had problems with the drivers	0
Wouldn't it be nice to know what eight types of media the device will handle	0
I ordered the Passport X50 from Amazon to save the $18 shipping Escort Radar was charging. I was told by someone at Escort Radar that Amazon was an authorized reseller.	0
I bought this one for its coaxial cable protection function, but the result is terrible. It greatly degrades the signal. When I use it with TV, the program on TV became unclear. When I use it with computer, the high-speed internet kept dropping.	0
I bought the iriver mobile transmitter hoping that i would be able to listen to my mp3 player through my radio. I like the fact that it is easy to use and that you can choose your station, but i live in monroe and we get stations from toledo and detroit, which is a problem because most or all of the stations are occupied or have interference and the transmitter is not strong enough to block out the slight interference from far away stations. I didnt think to check to see how many stations i could use for this product, looking back, i should have. i would only recommend this transmitter if you live somewhere that there aren't many stations that you can listen to on the radi	0
It broke after two uses.  It has an auto shutoff if no detection after 30 seconds and I plugged it in to everything and it would shut off every 30 seconds.  I was so mad I threw it out the window.  What a waste of thirty bucks	0
The Bel RX65 worked great, for about 1 month.  After that, it started flashing "SelfCal" and "Service Requiered" on the screen.  Sent it in to Bel for them to fix the problem.  After about 10 days I got the product back, only to have it repeat exactly the same problems again within 2 days of having it.  I feel like I've been ripped off, because they either didn't even look at it or they don't know how to test something for a problem.  I spent $300 for a detector that doesn't work as well as a $40 one (and I know, I've had both)!	0
These things are not worth the money .. get a cheap one! Look at http://www.radarbusters.com/ or www.007radardetectors.com or www.consumersearch.com	0
You can't plug two of these in side-by-side, the plastic surrounding the business ends are too fat	0
Don't listen to any of us.You already have an internet connection because you are here. Go to a browser and ask the question you asked here. You will find that any review that is NOT a store will tell you that ALL speaker wire is the same. They just look cool. If that's what you need, then buy it. Otherwise, stay away from monster. It's just like bose speakers.	0
At first it wasn't a bad unit.  But it broke within a year.  Now that I read the past reviews, I see I'm not alone....	0
GOT THIS UNIT ON MARCH 28TH 2005 AT CIRCUIT CITY HAD IT FOR EXACTLY 2 WEEKS AND THE DISK STOPPED SPINNING! TOOK IT BACK TO THE STORE AND THEY DIDNT HAVE ANOTHER ONE SO THEY TOLD ME I COULD PICK IT UP AT ANOTHER ONE OF THEIR STORE LOCATIONS AND IT WOULD BE "READY FOR ME" TO PICK UP!  PICKED IT UP TOOK IT HOME AND COUPLE OF DAYS LATER WENT TO USE IT AND IT DIDNT SPIN!!! RIGHT OUT OF THE BOX!!! TOOK IT BACK TO CIRCUIT CITY AND THEY SAID THEY COULD ONLY FIND THE RECEIPT ON FILE FOR THE FIRST ONE(THAT GOT RETURNED) AND NOT FOR THIS ONE---  AFTER MUCH DEBATE NOTHING GOT DONE FOR ME AT CIRCUIT CITY BECAUSE THE RECEIPT THEY GAVE ME BACK WAS THE OLD ONE AND NOW I'M STUCK WITH THIS PEICE OF JUNK I PAID $369.00 FOR AND CIRCUIT CITY SUCKS TOO! CALLED AUDIOVOX TODAY 7/19/05   (WAITED A WHILE I WAS BUSY GIVING BIRTH AT THE END OF MAY)AND THEY TOLD ME THE 90 DAYS WERE UP (BY 10 DAYS!) AND COULD ONLY FIX IT FOR A FLAT RATE OF $93.00 PLUS SHIP!!! I AM PISSED OF	0
I love this mouse! It's compact and picks up the signal on just about EVERY surface. I gave it 2 stars because I figured out that it was preventing my laptop from going into idle mode (Windows XP, SP2). Sadly, I'm going to have to get another mouse because of that	0
Is very neet item especiatlly since it is usable with 1:1 speed as well as 2	0
I bought it last april and i didnt realize that slide lock key was too weak, and now I try to write data but a message is about the data is secure (locked)	0
Samsung is the WORST.  We bought this TV in August and it was delivered in September to our new house.  We opened it on a Sunday, plugged it in and watched it for a while, then on Monday it would not come on.  They thought it was a lamp, but that didn't fix it so they came and got it to service it.  We bought it for football season and football season is half over and we still have no TV.  They decided to replace it since they couldn't fix it.  That was three weeks ago.  Now they are giving us the runaround blaming shipping/warehouse/etc for the delay in sending the new one.  During a phone conversation with Samsung they basically said they were so far behind on shipping because they had so many to ship out (ie lots of them have problems and are being replaced is the way I took it.	0
After waiting almost 6 months for this Skypephone, and its competitor from Belkin, to come to market through numerous postponements, I just gave up and bought an Asus P525 smartphone. For just over double the price of the Netgear I got a Windows CE PDA with GSM capability and full Skype compatibility. When browsing through your phone contacts your are given the choice to call through GSM or Skype. Because you have built-in Wi-Fi, you can make Skype calls and chats from any covered area, plus you can go on the internet using IE and check your e-mails with Outlook. I have also read that the Skype software that runs on dedicated phones like the Netgear and the Belkin is very crude due to the lack of processing power, whereas with a Windows CE-based device you have much faster processors that allow a Skype software closer to the one used on PCs.	0
This phone is a total piece of garbage. Freezing, rebooting, not being	0
Amazon does not ship to Post Office Boxes.  The mouse could ONLY be shipped to a post office box per Amazon shipping proticol.  Therefore, after TWO attempts to purchace this product from Amazon I had to buy elsewhere.  If you live where the United States Postal Service does not deliver the mail to your house, pass of this item if not Amazon.  I have considerable expierance buying mail order and online and this is the first time I have found a company setting rules that actually prevent the buyer from recieving the product	0
I bought this printer about 4 months ago.  The prints are beautiful, and the speed quite good as well.  However, I felt compelled to write a review tonight because of the constant error messages that pop up saying that there are too many ink cartridges of "X" color installed.  It happens now between every print job, forcing me to open the printer, pull out and re-install one to three of the tanks, and then print my document.  There is something wrong with this thing, and I don't appear to be the first experiencing it.  Figures... I wait eight years to replace my printer, and end up with one that malfunctions! I will attempt to return this item	0
I love the basic design, great hardware/software linkage, and software interface of this Mac-happy scanner.  However, I value my time too much to babysit the feed mechanism of the unit I received last week.  It inconsistently graps multiple pages as other reviewers have disclosed.  So, if you're scanning a 10-page doc and it misses one somewhere along the way, have you really accomplished anything?  No.  You must either try the whole thing again (with likely the same result), or you must figure out what page(s) is missing, scan it separately, and go thru a simple yet not expedient Acrobat process to insert the omitted page.  In the end, this machine made it +90% of the way to being a really great product, but the shortcoming fouls half the machine's overall utility.  Swing a little bit harder next time Fujitsu	0
I've gone thru multiple revisions of firmware, and multiple calls to D-Link support, and this piece of junk still does not work with the D-Link DWL-G700AP.  D-Link support calls are worthless.  As a computer professional, I find it appalling that D-Link would introduce and continue to sell this product, which clearly does not operate correctly.	0
I bought this machine on August 3, 2005 and within one week of using it (as an outgoing fax only), there was a machine error.  I called customer service and after being on hold for 23 minutes I was able to speak with a live representative.  I was told that the machine would need to be replaced.  They sent me a REFURBISHED unit (the warranty indicates that any replacement units will be refurbished units).  They sent the base unit only, so I had to remove the drum unit, paper tray, and handset from the original fax machine to use with the replacement unit.  So, after only a couple of hours of using the replacement unit, I was back on hold to report another machine error.  12 minutes and I finally get a rep.  Apparently, the drum unit (which is less than one month old) is bad.  So now I'm waiting for the replacement drum unit.  DON'T EVER BUY A BROTHER MACHINE.  THEY'RE HORRIBLE MACHINES AND TRYING TO GET THROUGH TO CUSTOMER SERVICE IS VERY, VERY TIME CONSUMING	0
Wow this is a real piece of junk if you have any other wireless devices going on in the home.  And who nowadays doesn't?  There is so much noise you can't even hear yourself think.  Oh well lesson learned.  If I could have given this device a zero I would have.	0
I was terribly disappointed in this product which I bought for use in my Canon Pixma iP6000D printer. The image is grainy and, if you touch the photo within 5 minutes, you will leave marks. I laid anothe picture on top of one done 5 minutes earlier, and they stuck together. I have had very good luck with Canon paper	0
This would be a GREAT product is the chemical smell was not so bad and last so long.  It has a horrible smell that just will not go away.  I saw others mention the same issue but thought I would give it a try.  It smells.	0
Yes, yes, I know. Griffin has iPod Mini compatability all over their RoadTrip web page. But the sad fact is, when you recieve it you will NOT find an adapter for the iPod Mini in the box although there are adapters for other iPods. When you read the instruction book you will find that you must purchase an adapter from Apple Computer to make it work. Calling Apple, I find that they no longer sell the adapter. When I called Griffin I was surprised to find that if you have any other iPod than Mini and the adapter is not in the box, they will send you one. They recommended that I return the RoadTrip, which is what I did. Save yourself the aggrevation -- if you have an iPod Mini stay away from Griffin Technology	0
I had four of theese units in place and they all got replaced by the FVS338.  The main reason is the speed.  I have a lab and we tested the max Internet throughput of the FVS318's at 1.2Mbps!  This is unacceptable.  Oh yes, this is with the latest firmware.	0
Most reviews don't seem to mention a key spec - the throughput of a firewall. I just upgraded my cable connection to the new (up to) 30Mbs plan and bought an FSV318v3 firewall to use with it. Without the firewall in place, I measured about 25Mbs download speed. When I installed the firewall in between the modem and one computer, download speed went down to 6.5Mbs. I also discovered that if the "enable keyword blocking" checkbox is enabled, the throughput went down to 5Mbs, EVEN IF THERE WERE NO KEYWORDS!	0
Surprisingly poor quality for a Uniden phone.  Volume is very low -- hard to hear caller.  Don't waste your money.	0
We had such high hopes for this product and sadly had to return it.  Only 20 feet away from the base unit, the clarity was very, very poor.  We've owned many regular cordless phones of varying quality and price-points, yet the least expensive of these were better than this...  they just weren't waterproof.  It's a great concept if they could just make them work well.  Sure wish we could find a good waterproof phone!!	0
Don't get me wrong, this is a pretty clever gadget. However, it's mising one thing in terms of usability: an on/off switch. This really limits the usability of both, since it's typical to want to turn the flashlight off for a moment, or the laser pointer on for a moment. I can't see me using this laser pointer in a real presentation, since it'd either be on all the time, or I'd be pulling the light in and out all the time (neither of which make me look cool).	0
Finally.	0
This mousepad may seem as a great product but at times the rest becomes a little bit tiresome, and I think it get's in the way of my hand and the mouse. It did take me a great deal of time to get used to this pad but anyone else who use's it has found it in the way and annoying. I have to agree with this, b/c it truly does get into the way of my hand and its a little bit confusing. Also it is much bigger than most mousepad's it takes up a great deal of space	0
The noise canceling is just barely discernible in comparison to when it is turned off and the music quality is not comparable to other earbuds in this price range ($60 list, $35 Amazon). The cloth wrapped cords seem like a nice feature for making them a bit more rugged, but I don't like the way the cords are arranged which create this loop that you put your head into (combined with the stronger cord, better not wear them around machinery since getting them caught will likely result in something a bit more painful than just having the earbuds yanked out of your ears)	0
I had the same exact experience with the poor fit of these headphones and the rude customer service.  Their 'surround-sound' HE-592 phones don't fit well either.	0
If you're not that picky about sound quality with music, then these may work for you.  I think the frequency response range with these earbuds are pretty minimal.  To me, the music is all mids.  It's missing significant highs and lows for this price range.	0
...So I was satisfied with the noise-cancelling qualities. The cloth cable is very nice and doesn't tangle as much as the usual plastic ones. I liked not having to spend so much time untangling thes in the morning. The headphones I purchased come with 3 sizes of rubber cap earbud covers and I found only one to be suitable for my ears. Of course, after less than a month one of those earbuds fell off and now I can't use these earphones until I find a replacement somewhere, which is proving to be troublesome. Super. I didn't buy these on clearance at Target so that hurts my pocketbooks and I am very ANNOYED right now. In the meantime, I've returned to some $10 non-earbud headphones and I really miss the noise-cancelling quality of these Philips earbuds. Life sucks and I want to die because now I can hear everything going on around me during the morning commute on public transportation.	0
I agree with the person who says there are no instructions and poor image quality. I wonder if they gave us a mini jack like games systems use if it would work better on TVs that have the 3 jacks on the front. Games systems get good image quality so why is this so bad... No info on this from Monster. Looks like a very good product but I will return it unfortunately. I did discover though that I can use a stereo jack with R-L on one end and a mini jack on the ibook end to give me audio speakers on any TV or Stereo for my iTunes, and audio for a DVD that I am playing but I don't need to spend this much money to get that. If the image were good I would keep it. I would rather show my slide shows from the computer. The image was very bad..	0
I have had this phone for about three years. I bought it primarily to use it as a good quality speaker-phone (with mute) for long conference calls. It was quite expensive (I paid $200 to get it) but here are what I have found to be its shortcomings: No caller-id display. This just baffles me. I get caller-Id on all other phones in the house except this one. I have tried every possible varient (resetted settings, disconnected other phones, etc.) but nothing works: I always get "NO ID MESSAGE" on the LCD. The second major shortcoming is that called-parties often complain about the feedback on the speakerphone. One way to reduce that is by lowering the volume significantly, but that sort-of defeats the purpose of having a good speakerphone. Another minor shortcoming is that the phone requires to be powered even though it is a corded-phone (hence will not work in case of emergencies). Finally, two connect two lines you have to use an ugly adapter. One good thing about the phone is that it looks quite good, has a professional appearance, and claims to have a duplex-speakerphone.	0
Sound output is terrible, you can't hear it in a car or airplane(with high quality, noise cancelling earphones).  When I called customer service they told me it was not intended for use in a car or airplane. Picture is very good, but I have heard better sound from much cheaper players.  Don't waste your money	0
I just purchased yesterday the Home Dock Deluxe for list price at a local retailer.  I read all the reviews, (most of them bad but I got it anyway) the menu on TV part being my motivation.  And so far, I am not feeling good about buying it...	0
The mouse pad is a great idea with superb support for the wrist. Unlike some customers, I did not detect any odors or problems with the materials use in the gel pad.  However, the mouse pad did not work with my Logitech optical mouse.  Great idea but poorly implemented.	0
Wow, I can't believe how much I hate this bag.  And it was expensive, compared to some of the stuff I passed up.  I thought I couldn't go wrong with Targus...but I could and I did.  First, the strap is horrible.  It keeps getting twisted and I have marks on my shoulder from where it cuts in to it.  2nd, it's REALLY heavy.  Lastly, there's all these compartments that don't do anything and mostly get in the way.  Like the phone add-on.  My phone doesn't fit in there, and even if it did, would I carry my phone on my bag?	0
This SD would not work in my  Nikon  Coolpix S6 camera (but the Fuji and Sandisk product did	0
This card crashed my system with the blue screen of death after installation.  Please be really careful with this one	0
Not so happy. Ordered one of these and plugged by PDA which did not charge.	0
I hate this contraption and I stupidly let 30 days pass before I realized how much I hate it. Now I start every morning with a "boy I hate this thing."  Why? well here are few reasons why: You cannot read the numbers unless you are within 18" and to get a backlight you must depress "any button"---not a bad idea but horribly executed.  The backlight lasts four seconds--way too fast in the night and "any button" is a lie because you can't press "stop" nor the "on" for radio or cd without starting a whole other process which you then, in the dark, have to figure out how to terminate.  The cd player spends more time "reading" your cd than it does playing it.  The "tuner/band" button is very sensitive and lord knows what you will wake up to, the screech of a not tuned in AM station happens way too often.  The worst of it all was I called Eton to tell them how much I hated it, just thought they might want to know. I had a friendly conversation with a very nice receptionist who assured me they wanted me to be happy and would do something, but first she wanted me to talk to the engineer/designer.  So I waited a week for him to return my call and he was quite rude saying if there is nothing wrong with it (everything is wrong, but they don't count that) there is nothing they can do.  He offered to trade mine for a different one just the same and I said "why bother."  It was a classic story of "I made it so it is by definition without errors--now leave me alone,just buy it and be thrilled with my brilliant design	0
I loved this speaker system when I got it last year.  But in the last few months it developed a loud humming noise that makes it so you can not hear your music.  Very disapointed	0
1st the ipod is expensive. It should at least come with a protective cover.  2nd i rarely used it and only when im in the gym. Quite to often when i go to turn the ipod on it goes into something called "disk mode" which freezes the unit up and cant be played. Theres not hard reset button so i have to go without listening to music for the hour or so im in the gym then take it home plug it in the cpu to get it to unfreeze.  Im so pissed at this thing because im all exicted to finnaly listen to some music and get amped in the gym and the dang thing freezes. For the money i spent on this thing it shouldnt happe	0
I'd really like to know how I listen to the radio at night and have it shut off in an hour and then have the alarm go off when I need it. I thought that's what a radio was supposed to do	0
DO NOT BELIEVE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS!!!!!!!Like most of the other reviews- THIS  CASE SCRATCHED MY IPOD---BAD!!!	0
Does NOT work with my Creative ZEN.  Can leave plugged in overnight and it does NOT charge at all	0
Do not waste your money, this was under recommendations, but I would NOT recommend this with your Creative Zen.	0
What a waste of money.  I wish someone had posted before the Dec. 22 posting (which was excellent) pointing out that this device doesn't work on an iPod "shuffle".  I spent more to ship this item than I did for the item itself, so I am also stuck with one.	0
Using the component input on your TV can make a huge difference in picture quality, but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the most expensive monster cables in not noticeable. Save yourself $50 and buy the cheap ones	0
I bought this drive with the advice from my father who has bought several LaCie's for his company. He's always had good luck with them.	0
What a disappointment that what I thought was a reputable company makes such an unreliable product.  After about a years time, my LaCie drive started clicking.  And then, no data.  It completely failed.  I too made the mistake of trusting this drive and didn't back it up.  I am sick about what I've lost.  I've emailed LaCie about the failure and have not received a reply.  Beware of LaCie external drives	0
I had one of these a couple years ago. It worked very well for a few months. Then, all of a sudden, the left analog stick became non-responsive. It wouldn't work on any game I tried. After reading other reviews on the gamepad, I figured I just got one that was poorly made and that the analog stick problem I had was just one of those several ones that was bad. Since it was only $20, I just left it alone. Well...after going months without a gamepad, I decided to get another Logitech gamepad, the same one I had, and guess what. After literally ONE DAY, the right analog stick stuck and is completely unresponsive. So, as far as I'm concerned...they're all terrible controllers. PERIOD	0
I own a Sony DSC-S40. I had lost my Sony Memory Stick so I thought I'd try this one. I purchased it the end of June and almost every time I take a video and try to veiw it, it will play and at any point durring a video it will stop and say file error. This also causes a problem while I download them onto my pc. Only once had it done this on a picture and I ended up having to delete the picture because it wouldn't download. Sometimes it just don't pay to save money. I will never purchase this kind of Memory Stick again.	0
ANTonline sent me the wrong item and then wanted nothing to do with me when I went to exchange it. They have no phone number, so they email everything. It takes them a day to get back to you and they always have an air about them as if you are bothering them for thier mistake. After days of persistance and me being as rude to them as they were to me, they agreed to take the product back, but I had to eat the first shipping charge, pay to ship it back to them and pay a 20% restocking fee (for thier error!!) The item was only like $10, so by the time I would have paid the shipping and restock fees, I would be in the whole, so I decided to just tell them to go F@#K themselves. I feel better now.	0
From day one, back in late August 2006, I've had problems with this router--which I bought only because my ISP wouldn't install an extra cable outlet in my apartment without written permission from my new landlord. Since I work from home, this wasn't an option at the time. I'm not a tech guy, I don't care much for gadgets, but I'm not stupid either, and I couldn't even get this thing set up without calling support due to lack of documentation and the assumption that everyone buying this router uses some version of Windows--I don't, I have an iMac. Once set up, the router worked fine for about a month, and then I started experiencing connectivity issues. I called support again and they figured out some issue with 'mac cloning' or some such, reset my static IP, and all was well for another week, when the same issue--losing connection with the router after 10-20 minutes online--arose again. So I called support AGAIN, got a guy after 7 minutes, but he directed me to their website to download a firmware update, and then basically hung up on me. Unacceptable. So I called back, sat on hold for 40+ minutes before being disconnected without ever speaking to anyone. Finally, after a third try, I got someone on the line and he got me to the firmware and helped me install it via their web interface, only for me to experience the same connectivity problem the very next day. My ISP is coming Tuesday to install another outlet. No documentation. The install CD is configured for Windows and wouldn't work in Mac OS X. Online help sucks. The 800 support line sucks. This product sucks. Do not buy it	0
I purchased this router (not from Amazon) about 6 months ago when my 5-year-old, very reliable, router died. I purchased it locally and someone came out and installed it.  I have had numerous problems with this router since then.  It does not stay connected and there is actually no option for "always on."  After having some other problems, I took it back and the vendor upgraded the firmware.  After that, it lost the setup information twice and the info had to be re-entered.  Then today, after being instructed to reset the router, it got stuck in a mode where it only wanted a firmware upgrade (there was no apparent way out of this).  So, I obtained the upgrade and according to the router message, it was updated successfully.  After that, I could not get the router to work at all.  I gave up and ordered an entirely different router (the same brand that I has used before with tremendous success).  My summary - save yourself time and aggravation and don't buy the Linksys WRT54G	0
Ordered for my HP4705. This is not a bluetooth keyboard. they sent two of them both the same non-bluetooth item. Now I have to send back and hope I get credit	0